‘Tis all.
I've had a great time. And I really look forward to working on these again next year. That is if anyone will have me as their Baker! (hint. hint)
Don Cheadle (Devil in a Blue Dress)
Fast forward to December 28, 2011 and I've been reading up on all of the recent ISKCON ( International Society for Krishna Consciousness) related news. Two or three times a year I'll check out the numerous web / blog sites and try and get a feel for the current issues that they are dealing with.The whole modern Hare Krishna movement was begun single handily by a 69 year old Indian reunciate preacher In a small Second Ave. N.Y.C. storefront in 1966. It slowly splintered apart almost from the day the founder of ISKCON, A.C.Bhaktivedanta Prabhupada, died in November of 1977. Before passing away he named eleven senior devotees to be in charge, but all too quickly there were various power struggles and conflicts that still haven't been totally resolved as of today. The late 1970's, and into the 1980's sadly had numerous cases of young children being sexually molested in the movement's school system, and many of the original eleven handpicked disciples that formed the Governing Body Commission (GBC) had either quit (" fell down" ), died, or been forced to resign over various sex, drugs, and money issues. ISKCON today is very vibrant in its native India, and has had varying degrees of success in finding new devotees in Eastern Europe, Africa and Asia. The U.S. temples have gradually changed from a proselytizing emphasis based on distributing Prabhupad's books, to one of retrenchment that now largely caters to the local Indian communities that are their major support group. The counter - culture in 1966 was ready to throw off all of the "Establishments" views including having a career focused life, with traditional Christian values and rituals. More than a few people decided to tune in, turn on, and drop out. But it wasn't all drugs that they were turning on to.
Don't know if I can just choose one Tilda as my favorite, but I think she's in the running for it...LOL. Hey, how about you...do you have one very very very favorite Tilda?
"The good son"
My brain be tired from Words With Friends,
With the B.C. Provincial Liberal Govt. remaining relatively silent on the Enbridge pipeline, the NDP has sent a letter voicing its opposition and its reasons for its opposition to the Review Panel for the Northern Gateway Project.
As for me, I’m starting it today and will finish within 30 days. Follow me on Pinterest here if you like! Wish me luck!!! Oh and just in case, this is not sponsored by Pinterest or anyone else for that matter.
He died il 18 February 1564 having made testament: he left his soul in God’s hands, his body to the earth and all his belongings to the “closest relatives”.
Oh, and I'm 30 pages into Embassytown so far and can say it is utterly unique and breathtaking with the craftsmanship of the writing up to this point. I reckon you'll be wanting to read this book!
Since I will not have any any pretty photos to post for some time, I guess I will be forced to do the year-end photo recap of last year’s garden. I was kind of thinking if I procrastinated long enough no one would notice that I hadn’t done one, but nature has conspired to make me do it. I also didn’t do an anniversary post. Gee, now that I think about, it’s generally not a good thing to forget one’s anniversary. Well, Happy Anniversary If only sweat were irrigation. You appeared on the scene one year ago on December 28th with fear and trembling. Fortunately, the fear only lasted for a little while, but the fun has persisted to this very day. Thanks, everyone, for adding to my fun and for being so friendly. You’re the best!!
This place is a little oasis in the middle of downtown NOLA, a perfect blend of cool and delicious. Although pretty much everything on the menu is tasty and the crepes look fantastic (I have not indulged...yet), my favorite treat is just a classic iced-coffee, expertly blended with fresh roasted Illy coffee. It is the perfect pick me up and my new favorite iced-coffee destination. If you are curious, peruse the menu, it does not disappoint : www.merchantneworleans.com
guard, since that’s the intersection in front of the school. And ALL
The college chapters of the Intercollegiate Socialist Society now became the Student League for Industrial Democracy. As members graduated from college, some entered the pulpit, others the classroom; some wrote textbooks while others into the labor movement in both political parties.
I think back to recall my tough experiences of work during the recent years. I worked in Jordan in the year 2007 with a renowned Jordanian women organization as a coordinator of Iraqi Refugees in Jordan. This organization presents itself as progressive leftist. They participated in many protests against the invasion of Iraq. Of course, this gives strong indication that they are patriots who have principles. Therefore, I agreed to work with them even though my directions are more moderate religious and independent. I never was associated with party or extremism. They were secular. I told myself, I don’t care about their religion. All I care about is their disclosed principles that root for women rights and invaded nations such as Iraq and Palestine. But after one month of working there, I discovered the secrets of management within the organization. I observed the ciaos, indifference and bad management. I observed lying and cheating in documenting projects for fund providers. The manager justified it as natural right to obtain the fund to pay for organization utility bills (water, electricity) and salaries of our permanent employees…
It's 26 inches X 26 inches, and it's $110 + shipping.
Spring is a dynamic time at the farm.
We are the hope that lives between
Hello again Faithful Readers. (all five of you) That’s how Stephen King starts out some of his intros (minus the “all five of you”, his would be, “all billions of you”). Just giving a little shout out to an author who inspires me. This post is not going to be a ghost story, rather, a love story about a ghost story. So, basically, it’s just me rambling on… You should be used to it by now.
Rotary Damper Anatomy
Sleep: Getting soooo much better!
The lemur, the world's largest nocturnal primate, taps its specialised middle finger on tree trunks to find nutritious beetle larvae.
The Blogger who receives this award will need to perform the following steps:
Kick things off with an order of prawn dumplings ($12 for six) - plump parcels of prawn wrapped in translucent dumpling skins. They’re sweet and fragrant, packed with slivers of water chestnut, Chinese celery and finely chopped shallots.
Not so. The "preponderance of evidence" has now become "guilt beyond reasonable doubt". Late on May 7th, 2012, KSAZ Channel 10 has published the tapes of the 911 calls which show unmistakeably that J.T. Ready was the perpetrator -- and the ONLY perpetrator -- of the Gilbert Massacre which claimed five lives, including his own:
Oh and I have to say, Capital One customer service was wonderful during the whole process. At one point when I was having trouble booking our tickets through oneworld’s online booking tool, the Capital One account manager called American Airlines’ oneworld desk and stayed on the line with me while we tried to get to the bottom of why the transaction wasn’t going through. Amazing!
Platelet donation takes a little longer depending how high your platelet levels are. The whole process takes me from check-in to check-out about two hours. Platelet donations can be made every two weeks.
The ship’s engines pulsed methodically, vibrating the deck underneath the purposeful strides of the ship’s captain. Captain Vendo whistled a complicated tune as he walked his rounds.
The Material: The traditional materials – prices of cobalt-chromium alloy and titanium are not the same. Implants from cobalt-chromium (CC) alloy rods are cheaper than comparable titanium implants, but when it comes to zirconium dioxide, then cost of a dental implant may appear to be cost prohibitive to the patient. But, depending on where the implant is being placed, you may end up with a less than satisfactory result with the less expensive CC implant.
have i mentioned all the items get softer with each wash..
Steve Lamb - Bass
Those final moments in the square
Jesus went into the grave. The disciples were stunned, His opponents felt the uneasiness of a hollow victory, the demons amazed, the angels in shock… an uneasy calm over all creation.
–no binding to shift/alt/ctrl keys
- a red minnow basket that I got last year at an antiques store that was closing
I watched it all when it was on (and before you begin adding on your fingers, I'll help ... 1st season: 1982). And so did Tom. But we'd forgotten so much. And it is like a stage play. A really well done, clever stage play.
1. What is the best advice an older relative or family member gave you?
—William Blum
Some people may advocate for one method over another, and say those who use only the other method, (whether education, direct action, baking, or anything in-between), the definition of Vegan does not tell us How, it just tells us Do. Anyone who tries to convince followers their only path to veganism is through them and their books, should perhaps take another look at Shrigley and Watson’s definition of the word.
Quality store-bought salsa
In Texas, I have the right to defend myself, my family AND my property using lethal force. I'll do it, too, if I have to. But what I won't do is see some schmuck rummaging around the neighborhood and then go chasing him down and doing the Sergeant Joe Friday dragnet routine. My taxes pay our cops to do that. And even though they rarely do a very good job at it, I ain't doing it anymore.
However, I have never sewed or made ruffles before. So, I guessed my way throught that part and cut 4 inch strips of fabric and hemmed one side. Then hand threaded a piece of strong thread through the top and bunched up the fabric to create the ruffle. I have no idea if that is the correct way to do it but that's what I did.
This year, my guest will be my dear friend and Wealth Coach, CHINKEE TAN together with Mr. Jayson Lo.
Another defining characteristic of the Y Generation is our penchant for asking 'why'? Why do I need to get married right now? Why do I need to have kids right now? Why do I need to find a career right now? Why do I need to make my bed? Why do I need to take out the garbage? These small, inconsequential questions are simply a proxy for the greater existential issues that we're facing as a generation to figure out what we want and what we're all about. We spend our time fighting for causes, or endlessly going to college, or endlessly pursuing sex in an attempt to find out where our passions lie. But, while we wait for the 'BAM' moment, when all of the sudden our lives make sense to us, we're slowly letting more and more sand slip out of the hourglass. Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying we're wasting our lives, I'm just saying that our lives have a different structure and focus than those of the generations before us*.
Of course, it's the far left version I'm obsessed with, View B, the black sort-of-sack dress that is the quintessence of Hefty-bag hauteur. Of course, the first thing it made me think of was this -- quick: name that I Love Lucy episode!
“Ok,” said Hermel. Bantum opened his eyes and asked Dr. Chickenhiemer, “How many fingers did he show you?” There was a depressing sounding “cluck”.
This book is a treat for both SF aficionados and connoisseurs of fine, literary writing. Put this book on your reading lists--you'll be glad you did.
"Maybe it's a perfect storm," he said of the Trayvon Martin tragedy.
Happy birthday, my Margaret. You couldn't be more perfect to me.
Then we would sing songs and play games and meet in a small group where my five closest friends and I would talk about school and homework and boys and God (mostly boys). We’d laugh together, pray for each other, hug each other, lay on top of each other, kiss each other on the cheeks, and laugh and giggle some more. You know, best friend stuff.
*Do not run away!
Then you are forced to keep constantly being on terrible “reality television” programs.
the 60 year old men walking on the beach in their Speedos! True story!
Drink: Espresso. A company called Sweetwater makes a blend called Black Dog -- it'll put hair on your chest. I love it, it's like rocket fuel.
Towards the end of summer the following year he met someone special and I gave up on trying to shut him up.
I’ve had enough of the hypocrisy;
Twisting the throttle on my Ninja 500 accelerates quite fast too, but I’m really looking forward to getting that instant torque awesomeness on the Empulse.
And when all the planets of this solar system are filled to the brim with people, the very next year’s population growth will require an additional solar system’s planets. And so and so forth, until this galaxy is full of God’s children. Now, with such thoughts in mind, we might begin to understand why the Millennium is called the great Millennium by the Lord. It is when the vast majority of His children will come down from heaven to receive bodies and populate the planets of this galaxy.
U.S. helicopters delivered the team to the compound, and the team was on the ground for less than 40 minutes, an official said. They did not encounter any local authorities. In addition to bin Laden, three adult males were killed in the raid.
A couple weeks since my last attempt at Pumpkin Pie, I knew I was ready to try again; but this time, I wanted to keep it simple. Although I enjoyed the flavors of the ginger and ceylon tea, I decided to cut back on the spices in this recipe to allow the pumpkin flavor to shine. I can see an advertisement for this pie reading:
Openness is a problem for you
Finally! I actually liked Luce in this book. She seemed a lot smarter to me. Maybe because she stopped whining and moaning while waiting on the sidelines and actually decided to DO something about it. If there's one thing I hate, it's a whiny heroine who sits back and lets stuff happen to her. Go Luce!
I love you R- for eternity.
I watched the little pigeon dodge the river of traffic,
Almond Aguila, University of Alberta. Skype and the Global Filipino Family
This nation love, you see
Kuchen is a tasty dessert with a dough crust and custard filling. Usually fruit is found in kuchen, but cheese or sugar can be used instead. It is normally topped with cinnamon.
You're welcome and I'm sorry.
Today’s count did include 74 species, of 3,650 individuals. New for the season this year were Spotted Sandpiper, Common Yellowthroat, and Baltimore Oriole. Other highlights included a great late count of 20 Red-throated Loons, 1 Osprey, 1 Merlin, 1 Vesper Sparrow, 1 Pine Siskin, and 1 tardy Common Redpoll.
MJ: You have recently launched your ‘Weird Science’ label, how is that doing?
When I look at this page, I can see the facet of my personality that strikes a balance between the neatnik perfectionist and the free spirit. Somehow these two polar opposites compromise on a daily basis without causing utter chaos. I am simply amazed how coloring and ripping a few strips of paper can lead to so much self-awareness. Or a little thing called self-forgiveness.
After that, we worked with modeling clay. First they sketched out ideas of what they wanted to do in clay. After their juices were flowing, they build lovely things like this alligator. We set them up under a lamp and darkened the room so they could see the shadows on their pieces, and they drew them again - so they could remember! Tons of fun. Hard to get them out of the classroom once our time was up.
So I thought I would share my first project of 2012, a card for my Dad, whose birthday is this month. He's an old rocker (he got an air guitar for Christmas. Yes you can buy them, that's not a joke, I know they are supposed to be invisible, lol) so I thought these old stickers I have had lying around for a while would suit him perfectly!
That floats on high o'er vales and hills,
I've kept it very simple, just adding some ribbon for the handle and a fancy brad on the front to represent a clasp. Of course, you could add an image or some flowers if you wanted to go to town a bit!!!
Episode 1:
Cheapman's is Badgertown's leading retailer of cycles and accessories. With over 100 years of cycling Heritage and superb brand choice, Cheapman's is best placed to help you find the right bike. Cheapman's has the largest selection of cycles and accessories in Badgertown and sells more bikes than any other retailer!
Yet another Tara and Sookie fight
Taxi drivers taking detours is another one.
1. Where were you five years ago?
And Tukey and Ajers are cracking up because it's a dumb boy joke and they can't control themselves.
I amuse myself by making Find Me, Stanley. Homage to David Livingstone.
You Belong With Me – Taylor Swift
A standard .308 Winchester cartridge loaded with a 150 grain bullet (manufactured by PMP – Piet Maak Patrone) has a muzzle velocity of anything between 750 and 852 meters per second, depending on the amount of gunpowder loaded in the cartridge and also the barrel length of the rifle. At 200 meters the velocity would have dropped to anything between the region of 600 - 700 m/s. The striking energy required to produce a casualty, according to Military Handbooks, is 78.6 Joules (58 ft lbs). Let’s presume the bullet in this case was travelling at 670 m/s the moment before impacting with the first buck. The energy carried by the bullet at that point in time would have been roughly 2188 Joules. If we presume that half the energy was used after impact with the first buck then we’re looking at a remaining energy of 1094 Joules, --- enough to cause a second casualty. If another half of that energy was used up after the second impact, it would leave us with 547 Joules (404 ft lbs) of energy, --- more than enough to cause a third casualty! So from a ballistic-scientific point of view the story appears to be true!
The Thames was lined with old ships, no rigging, no sails, "rotting at anchor" (Hughes, The Fatal Shore, 42). But the Hulks Act (1776) stated prisoners could be kept on these old ships, 'reclaimed' through 'Hard Labour' and assigned out daily in work gangs (Hughes 42-43), before being shipped to New South Wales or Van Diemen's Land to serve out their sentence. But shameful overcrowding led to riots on the hulks, protests from neighboring towns, and what propelled change -- the threat of prisoners escaping, carrying with them gaol fever.
I happen to do at least one or two workshops every year teaching balloon sculpture. I've written about one of these workshops here. It occurred to me that the lessons I've learned from teaching balloon sculpture might be applied to homeschooling, so I'm using them as part of my carnival. After all, what's a carnival without balloon animals?
Jonah also heard the voice of God in 1:1-3. He knew the One speaking but still rebelled against the command and disobeyed. You would think that if one knew the sovereignty of God it would change his life. Well, it didn’t. How often has it been said, “If only Jesus would show Himself, I would become a Christian?” How often in Biblical history this very thing was done and yet those concerned did not believe.
Well this band must have been playing at a rain dance because it really is hosing it down out there.
Being forced outside was unforgivable. However, there was someone who made it all better for me. Her name was Amanda. She was chill. She was like me. Out of shape, nearly blind, and as nerdy as ketchup is red. I’d see her read comics she brought with her, and I’d share some conversation with her.
No one seems to know;
10:22 PM – Johnny tells Eve that he does not think that The Big Show’s apology was genuine. Eve exits stage right to go tell Show. Meanwhile, Jericho, Del Rio, and Orton all believe that they deserve a shot at Sheamus’s title. After a brief scuffle, Orton confronts Sheamus for kicking him in the face, calling Sheamus a “clumsy ass.” Sheamus does not back down, telling Orton he will take him on anytime, fella. Due to the melee, Johnny Ace makes the decision to make the World Heavyweight Championship match at Over the Limit, a Fatal Four Way! Dope!
I slowly walked over to the bar cart and poured myself a copper delight. I raised an empty glass in her direction, asking if she wanted one herself. She shook her head. That was the extent of our communication.
15. Mangosuthu Buthelezi, politician and a Zulu prince (1928 - )
A lost colony is reborn in this heart-pounding fantasy adventure set in the near future . . .
Eva Joly, a Green Pod (double entendre) Presidential candidate in the French elections and a Norwegian (naturellement) expat, addressed the candidate of the “Party of Hate,” Marine Le Pen in these words :
I once served a church that had the sweetest group of widows who would sit in the same section of the sanctuary during worship, week after week. These precious women were a great source of encouragement and fellowship to one another. Very often, after worship, they would have lunch together. They were inseparable. I was profoundly grateful that they had one another.
But she was dealing with something; something unresolved deep within her. She was childless. You see, up until this point in her story, the Shunammite woman had never had the pleasure of cradling her own baby. She’d never felt the tug of a nursing infant. Yet, I argue that she was a mother long before her womb conceived. The Shunammite woman was a nurturer and caregiver, a nurse and comforter. She had the heartbeat of a mother and it echoed in the far reaches of heaven as she attended to Elisha.
The Wise County Drug Task Force and SWAT Team surrounded the residence of this suspected Drug Trafficker early in the evening of Nov 28th. As instructed the Officers knocked three times, shoved the prescribed amount of marked currency through the mail slot, and then watched as a large burly gray/red-haired fellow opened the door…… to reveal the large baggie of white powder that he was holding in his hands.
Such reports are considered significant because there has been little information about the distribution and movement of radiation in the north Pacific and independent confirmation of whether the levels raise significant health concerns.
As a way of doing things, this is not exactly rocket science and has been around for a long time. However, in the past this approach has generally been Plan B, when the preferred option of growing, protecting and monopolising one's own innovation needs to the point of self-sufficiency could not be achieved. The importance of Chesburgh's contribution is in the paradigm shift in corporate thinking: open innovation is portrayed as Plan A, the ideal option which both reduces R&D costs and focuses them more efficiently, which leads to improved quality and more consumer choice, and which is not merely open in the inward-outward sense but which encourages greater transparency of licensed technology itself.
I've prepared it again recently and the audience approved. I think I'm slowly establishing myself as a good cook within my family, which is no easy task. My mom's food is wonderful and she's been cooking since she was 5 years old. I hope I inherited some of her skills and that her cooking legacy goes on through me.
Maybe I subconsciously feel that coming back to SL might affect me in a negative way. SL can suck you in and time seems to fly much faster, as if two hours in RL equal half an hour in SL. I don’t want to “officially” leave SL, I am still too attached to my avatar for that, plus I am thinking of all the Lindens I invested! LOL. But I will officially go on an extended break. There might be a blog entry, or there might be none, and maybe bad weather in autumn will drive me back to the always sunny virtual world. But when I am honest with myself, maybe I don’t want to get that fascination with SL back after all and rather hold on to RL. We’ll see.
Take one, take them all.
“We’re not mad at Sen. Sullivan,” she said. “We just want him to do the right thing and to encourage his fellow lawmakers to do the same.”
I wanted to do some different flowers & was playing around with some old chipboard flowers and came up with these! I covered old chipboard with papers from the layout & the brown card stock. I then inked the edges, wrapped with contrasting floss & added some buttons as the flower centers! I think I may do a post in the next couple days showing a quick tutorial on how to do them ...they were fun & cheap!! I then added a couple brads to the shield for some added detail!
Obama’s political idiom is one of a supposedly already post-racist America, that is, one of white America’s sin atonement vision, for cheap. Jesse Jackson,who was also mainstream but slightly edgy and not as colorblind as Obama could never have calmed the nerves of the liberal establishment like the way Mr.Cool has.
But where Anarchist practice really triumphs is in the course of everyday life among common people who would not be able to endure their dreadful struggle for existence if they did not engage in spontaneous mutual aid, putting aside differences and conflicts of interest. When one of them falls ill, other poor people take in his children, feeding them, sharing the meagre sustenance of the week, seeking to make ends meet by doubling their hours of work. A sort of communism is instituted among neighbors through lending, in which there is a constant coming and going of household implements and provisions. Poverty unites the unfortunate in a fraternal league. Together they are hungry; together they are satisfied …
Happy October dear friends! September sure flew by fast! Fall us sure upon us - just the perfect season of great weather & fabulous nature.
Amazing new release from top-selling author Jeff Benedict, Professor of English at Southern Virginia University.
Remember this table?
For those of you who did stop by to share at last week's party, thank you!!! I'm sharing some of my favorite ideas below. And... I am looking forward to what you have to share this week!
Theist: I marvel that you could believe such a thing. Okay so what made them “decide” to walk upright? I mean there had to be some motivation, some order of sorts to suddenly cause them to walk upright. It is incredible and totally unbelievable that these wild men wannabes stopped hunching around and lifted themselves up. I would never laugh at your beliefs but give me a break here.
Damsel In’Distress
Yes, HB does act up when you’re around, and after you leave. You and I disagree on how this should be handled, but as his father I decide what’s best for him.
"Pins."
My work as a homeopath influences my writing enormously. The privilege of getting very close to the kids I work with means I have access to their inner landscape and that combined with my ability to write means I’m able to express the world of a child with a degree of authenticity.
Bake thin blinchiki on a preheated skillet brushed with clarified butter.
Shortly after, Mogale's beaten body was found by two other patrol officers.
Like A Bleach Stain Or Cranberry
Trying to review these films (watched or not) has led me to become very upset at the way BPD is portrayed in the movies, I really do not think that BPD is as bad as what these films show, actually I am not convinced that you could even call most of these characters people with BPD, it seems to be something much worse to me.
We decided to celebrate afterwards by going to the famous Betty's Tea Shop. I went to the one in York years ago, and remembered its atmosphere of elegant indulgence. I even remember what I ate: a unusual confection of cream, pastry, black cherry and cinnamon. Things have changed a little, it seems.
The recipe is actually for sauteed peaches, but we had over two pounds (thanks, Costco) of strawberries that were basically begging to be used, so I threw them in with the peaches. This recipe can really be tweaked for individual servings, larger servings - whatever you want, but it is delicious and ready in less than five minutes!
Co-valedictorian, school newspaper editor, National Merit Scholar, Glenbard West High School, Glen Ellyn, Illinois
According to her,she told me,she vomit non-stop.
As a side note, you’re not a rational human being if you’re equating downtown Detroit and the French Quarter in late December.
Quote of Noah Heller
“Other people have actually got it, though one person who saw the show actually asked me: Why do you hate Stewart Lee? – I said: No! No! He’s a friend!
2010.09.09 Pakistan Kurram 10 4 Militants murder ten bus passengers with an explosive device.
The script narrated above is a replica of storylines in Nigerian movies and fiction books. Some like the ‘mirror boy,’(a cheap imitation of Onyeka Nwelue’s Abyssinian boy) has taken mysticism to a new dimension. Magical reality/mysticism is the strongest voice in Nigerian creativity. Our stories portray voodoism, mysticism, magic et al.s’
This is Part 28 in a 32 part instalment thanks to an email I found when cleaning up my work emails.
I walked through the emergency room doors and up to the front desk, held up the Ziploc bag, and in my broken Spanish I said, "He cut his finger, and it is here in this bag."
However he felt, he was opening up. She found another question easily. "How many Gifted does Tendullor have?"
May we give with selfish abandon so that we may receive the joys and blessings of our God.
Gupta: "So, with the best of intentions, they said, it's time to reduce fat in the American diet."
My Experience: I feel that the Beamz Player is the most innovative product on the current market. It inspires creativity on a level that appeals to children and adults alike, as the user-friendly design is certain to create a sense of accomplishment and an appreciation toward music. There is nothing else like it on the market. It is the first of its kind and will become one of those items that you are delighted to share with others! It is something that must be used with a computer, so fair warning: If you don't have computer that you can dedicate to the use of this product, it might be wise to get one, as everyone is going to want to play it! It is a little steep in price for some, but when I priced a guitar, drum set and violin (all of which my daughter wanted for Christmas), it put it into perspective how reasonable the price actually is--not to mention--NO LESSONS! We found it so easy to use and it became an immediate hit with the entire family! I especially like the fact that it is simple enough for a beginner, but challenging enough for an expert musician to enjoy! I highly recommend it and give it my seal of approval!!
Amazon blames rampant theft among South African post office workers plus local chancers who receive the goods they ordered, tell Amazon they didn't, then get sent a free replacement. The South African post office retorts that the only parcels it can be accountable for are ones with a tracking number issued by it. Which pretty much cuts out guaranteed delivery of a purchase from any online source that has its own shipping service.
I suppose I’m doomed to serve as an example to youth that Crepes are the true ‘gateway drug’.
Somehow, in the immediate aftermath of 911, I came across a plastic flag pin and wore it. I participated in the lights on all night solidarity of the masses. I stayed online, seeking information while the TV alternated between hurricane warnings and Bushisms. This went on for about two days, soundtracked by hammers slamming up storm shutters until hurricane pundits were all that was on 24 hours straight, drowning out the bullhorns and crazy pilots. And then the power went out. The winds howled, the foundations shook, the trees were breaking, sheets of rain beat its way into every crevice, the animals racing around the interior, horrified. It came to me our present was all that mattered and would always be all that matters. Everything else is extraneous manufactured prototypical stuffing except for the fundamental basics, our loved ones peace of mind which means of course, we have to be there for them in whatever way is possible. This is why, especially in these harsh times, we dutifully get up every day and square off with dragons so that our loved ones will not have the same struggle.
What I found was that the LORD in Isaiah 43:10; 44:6,8; 45:18,21,22; and 46:9,10 (who said that He was the only God, and beside Him there was none else) was the same LORD in Isaiah 48:16 who with His Spirit, sent Jesus. “And now the Lord GOD, and his Spirit, hath sent me.” Isaiah 48:16.
Seth is, by reputation, a jerkwad and a loser. He’s going nowhere, and the world might even be better off without him in it. But Seth is trying, and it is this single quality alone that made my heart pour out to him and root for him. He has no one to hold him accountable, no reason to try in school, and it seems like he has no reason to stop drinking all the time and wasting his life away. Yet Seth wants more, and it is from this launching point Freefall pulls the reader quickly into Seth’s world. He’s smart, but overtaken by untapped potential. He’s funny, attractive, and friendly. But he’s also someone who runs from his problems, lashes out, drowns himself in his misery, and seems to screw up everything he touches. Seth is flawed in ways he can't even see, and yet Scott has written him in a way that is sympathetic and understandable. When his entire background is taken into account, the road that’s led him to where he is makes sense. Even at his worst moments, there is still an endearing element to Seth and I completely empathized with this boy. The changes he makes are astounding, well paced, and perfectly build, making Seth a very three dimensional, raw character.
I'd upload my photos in a timely manner.
Of course, I never thought to question: my mother was telling me these things, and she wouldn't steer me wrong, right? RIGHT? So, essentially, for the first eighteen years of my life, I lived in fear of the imminent return to life of a sanctified demigod and the subsequent culling of souls that he would harvest in the wake of his trumpet blasts.
2 shed
Well, I was so careful with my stripe matching, I forgot to flip one skirt piece over while cutting out my duplicate piece. Whoops! It’s been awhile since I made that mistake! Good thing I purchased a little extra fabric!
John Smith’s Grand National record: 2008 Mon Mome (10th); 2009 MON MOME (WON); 2010 Mon Mome (Fell 26th)
It was a bit slow this year for Primrose Design and holiday orders were off a bit - I'm sure due to the economy. But I did pick up a few wholesale accounts this past year and hope to continue with that in the coming year. I got two catalog requests for shops in Mississippi and Texas this week so that gives me hope! And the shops where I sell now continue to be good venues for me.
When did Lost turn into a spaghetti western. (BTW, its what I had for dinner tonight, at the Grand Lux restaurant inside the Venetian hotel in Las Vegas) Just like an old time Western, we got the MIB (The bad guy) going to the sheriff (Dogen) of the town of Temple and telling him he has until sundown to get out of town or else he’s going to kill everyone. Has the Lost island somehow magically transported back to the wild, wild West days or does this chain of events of what we witnessed tonight strengthen my theory even more.
Gina Bloom — Associate Professor and Director of Graduate Studies, English, Co-Director of the Mellon Research Initiative in Early Modern Studies
Vest (Esprit), blouse (Esprit), skirt (Nygard Collection, consignment), hose (Hue), shoes (JLo), necklace (gift from Caro), crystal stud earrings
From a theological perspective this research raises a plethora of questions. Is theology up to the challenge of integrating current scientific knowledge into a biblical worldview that is less domineering and more cognizant of the complexity of the rest of creation? Let’s hope so!
Sometime the best thing to do is quietly let go and move on. You can’t force a flower to bloom. To know when to go away and when to come closer is the key to any lasting relationship.
I have a Christmas card that I will keep forever. It means a lot to me. It is from my son.
He also produced the Sex Pistols first demos in May of '76.
There is just one thing though. I don’t see why the “hostess” would do what she did. She seemed far more concerned with rules and regulations than the good of her passengers...
Different types of Zombie come after you and at times there can be 20 or 30 of them chasing you. It really is tense stuff.
When she asked how many times she should shuffle the cards I answered 7.
“This is my last election,” Obama told outgoing Russian President Dmitri Medvedev last month as reporters entered the room to hear a joint statement. “After my election, I’ll have more flexibility” in negotiating curbs on American anti-missile defenses, Obama told Medvedev, who is soon to replaced by his former boss, Vladimir Putin. (SEE ALSO: Obama defends hot mic gaffe)
For the name plates I used Art Philosophy and cut scalloped ovals and plain ovals. I used assorted coordinating prints to cut the scallop sections and orange cardstock to cut the name matting.
38) I carry an umbrella with me when I'm out, because I am pale and can get a very bad sunburn in less than 10 minutes.
Yes life's just one long social whirl.
I have NO idea how this will do on the night, Austria have a poor record for qualifying, but this is a bit of a wildcard entry. Juries will probably hate them, but what about the public? I can’t call it.
Most of the items were not mine (except the pickle).
4. The disc is almost entirely about personal relationships, but the thing as a whole’s called Suburban Nature, and lots of the songs on here feature this narrator (=you) sort of pushing at someone, trying to get someone to be more clear, trying to get someone else to articulate stuff, to just do stuff. Is there a story-line that arcs through all these songs? Do you feel them connecting? Is the woman the same in all the songs? Does the album as a whole work together? (feel free to answer this as expansively or tersely as you wish).
Date: Thursday 3rd May 2012
First, I used Snapseed to add a little drama and I used the new center focus to direct the viewer’s eye =D. Then I used a filter in Tadaa to add the tone and increase the vignette around the edges. I also used a little clarity to sharpen the image.
along London’s South Bank last August.
All of a sudden, smoke whooshes from the fireplace. Sparks dance mysteriously in the air as a ghostly call echoes through the room.
Incidentally, I visited with the Chief Medicolegal Death Investigator this past Monday regarding his opinion on the state of the OME. We enjoyed a 30 minute conversation until work got in the way. (By the way, he is a retired homicide detective.) He told me a story about SWAT and their response to burn-out. He commented that we sometimes overestimate the amount of stress we can handle. He suggested that sometimes it requires administrators to appreciate the amount of stress that is tolerable and learn when to pull an employee out of a situation before that limit is reached. We brainstormed a few strategies to solve the issue or at least help mitigate exhaustion in employees while performing autopsies.
I watched JB take a bite or two, and after each bite he made this horrible face. Then Miss M started crying real tears and tried to tell me it just didn't taste the same. BAH!! It's the same yogurt you've been eating for three years!! Although, I must admit at this point I thought, what if the yogurt is bad? Now, I hate yogurt so me tasting it isn't going to help, I think it all tastes rancid!! So I kept at it..."eat it and be done" "two big spoonfuls JB, then you'd be done" "don't you want cookies??????"
I never have a problem with a movie shot in black and white because I think it looks absolutely beautiful, and this movie is no exception. It looks even better with the digital technology of film nowadays. The edges and shadows are crisper, more defined and the shades of gray are varying and interesting. The choice of using black and white for THC2 is fairly understandable - it might just have been unbearable to watch, even for me, with all the pretty colors that come out of the human body splashed across the screen. And yet, there is still the famous climax scene of the movie where a certain brown substance is literally splattered on the camera lens. It's the only color in the movie, obviously done by Tom Six to either further traumatize the audience in this scene, or just to fulfill his promise of showing absolutely everything in this sequel that he restrained from showing in the first movie. Uh, thanks Tom. Really wasn't necessary, though.
Church of England.) In 1683 his
“The Better Book self publishing Company is committed to a policy that offers a straightforward and open working relationship. This means that our editors and designers work directly with you from the initial assessment of your manuscript, through each stage of editing, design, and printing ending up with a well-produced and attractive book that we can all be proud of.”
It’s interesting to see what dates a television show, at the time you might have guessed the clothes, or the cars maybe. Probably not the cigarettes.
Superman wasn’t the first alien to gain superpowers by hopping planets. That honor goes to John Carter, Edgar Rice Burroughs’ pre-Tarzan pulp star. He premiered in All-Story magazine a hundred years ago last month. This Friday Carter takes his first superpowered leap to the big screen.
This is tenor saxphone solo album by Joe McPhee.
One thing I am hoping won’t cause me to slip up is the fact that I am making a step toward quitting smoking. I am using E-lites electronic cigarettes to help me cut down gradually. I may be taking on too much trying to quit smoking whilst gradually increasing my working time, but the two do go hand in hand really as I can’t smoke as much when I’m at work anyway – only on my break. Again I’m not going to rush with it, just take it as it comes and see how I get on. It has already meant I am smoking about 5 less cigarettes in a day, so I would say that’s not bad going really!??
Babs
Moping around in my transitional adulthood state has made me really miss being a kid. In the past year, I've found myself being more and more nostalgic for my days as a tween (are people still using that word?) and teenager during the 1990s.
Various authors have suggested two sources of inspiration for Bellmer's work. In 1931, Bellmer attended Max Reinhardt's production of The Tales of Hoffman in which there is a mechanical girl/doll named Olympia who seduces a living man (Freud also mentioned this literary work in his essay The Uncanny). As well, Bellmer's mother apparently sent him a box of childhood toys which included broken dolls (Sulick 14). Whatever the inspiration, Bellmer was not the only artist using dolls or mannequins at the time. Man Ray, Max Ernst, Marcel Duchamp, Andre Masson and others all incorporated dolls into their artistic practice around this time.
-Bones, she's able to see those yucky dead bodies now because during Halloween, she helped me make skeletons just like them
I'll thank you if you stop hitting me, now.
Maybe there's more words left in me, I can't tell, I'm tired, fuck it, I'm not sure.
Upper left: cantaloupe; sandwich; cucumber slices; carrot; apricots/raisins.
Missouri's victory over the city oklahoma single next school year, the city oklahoma single is positively embraced by most of the largest mounds provided architects with near-perfect artifacts, as they were well preserved example of a possible Rose Bowl appearance, No. 20 Boston College at home shutting out in-state rival was its 4th consecutive 60-point-plus win. The Sooners' Sam Bradford completed 30-of-44 passes for 370 yards and 4 touchdowns and then added another score on a 38-yard touchdown that sparked a 16-point last quarter over the mighty Oklahoma Sooners.
a prejudicial view of what "commitment" to this country might entail.
“Good bye Filli.” I say aloud, “You were a good Son; you guided me to this destiny, whatever it is.”
The night we moved in I threw the net curtains away; they were ancient, yellow-stained and brittle. I tore them from every window in the house and stuffed them into shiny black bin bags.
Before we got busy playing, we read these simple tips that make playing with Crayola Outdoor Colored Bubbles and cleaning up, even more awesome and enjoyable for both kids and moms.
Tring is quite clearly a hive of richly creative industry.
The Supreme Constitutional Court
“I did it! At last, I did it!” Nearly leaping through the air, Hilda whirled back into her home, eager to watch how it went. Gleefully, she touched her crystal awake, and asked to see Cinderella. Please. The night had gone so well already, Hilda hardly dared hope for more, but if only-if only…Please let her enchant the prince. Please let her become important! It was the only way this girl could possibly win her Fairy Godmother license.
All of my fears and worries wash away clean with your smile.
So that's why I'm a little melancholy as I type this. Because yesterday was officially the first day of summer.
Part of dealing with what comes home in a backpack is having a system for different items.
Her full lips pursed, the errant notes to seize;
Students talked about the issues of crowding and asked why the charter school, with only kindergarten and first grade students, would have 10 hours a week of gym time at the cost of limiting access to the gym for the other three schools. A community member commented on the lack of electives and wondered if the "efficient" use of the school building would damage the well regarded culinary program.
evidences your wild nature, your animal life?
I can still feel the sunshine, as we woke up in the morning to my parents backyard surrounded with bright colored flowers and shade trees. We sat in my dad's jacuzzi with our morning cup of coffee.
Untouched, a memory no time can fade
The doggy bone that merchants and planters were able to throw to the lower classes to nibble on has been able to hold for the last 236 years. The classes, however, have changed.
Having to go through all of our stuff and decide what we can rid of before the move.
The most interesting dimension of the promo is the rollback for the original buyers. It’s proof of the fragility of pre-sales. The developer probably realizes many of the early pre-sale buyers can’t/won’t complete on the original prices. My guess is the developer’s calculated it makes more sense to slash prices across the board than risk the time and expense of litigation.
For the most part, Body Pump never gets boring. You are constantly challenging your muscles in new ways.
O.G. is 1.062
What if you really can't meet a deadline? First, work out why. Here are the possibilities:
The truth: They've got a Moz-ish eye for a pithy couplet, if not Marr's ear for a poignant melody. Most likely to: Carve out six separate careers as newspaper sub-editors.
And again, much like the doomed Tatars who are about to fall from centuries of power over half of Asia, I have fallen off to another nap.
- I am inspiring fellow members through my persistent implementation:
- pinking shears
I decided to make 'THREE WISHES' at the beginning of 2012
PDSSY Blog (pdssyblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Much of the work Corley performs today revolves around the systems engineering aspect of the business ─ the part that brings all the subsystems together. While she was pursuing her undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering at Stanford University in Palo Alto, California, Corley participated in several projects that required systems engineering ─ brainstorming ideas, building parts, making sure each system interacted properly with the others. At the college she also worked on a small satellite program in which systems engineering played an important part. Corley received a master’s degree in aeronautics and astronautics from Stanford in 2004.
They dug deep into the marshland to discover rich deposits of peat and started the process of what is now the Broads.
No your eyes do not deceive you, I am also wearing running leggings!!!!
Ash groaned, flopped back down in the bed, and pulled the blankets over her head. Ronan bent over her and moved the blankets back until he could see her eyes. He bent down and kissed her on the forehead.
But lovers are pipel hou
There are no other buildings within a kilometre. It's just the chapel and the giant pin-oaks that surround it; still green because their time hasn't yet come – the time for their leaves to turn to gold, fall and rustle on the ground under children's boots.
How often do I spend those dreaming nights waiting
Now my love of the classics runs VERY deep and my love of the Underdog was discussed in a previous post ... so this just seemed to run right in line with that...... If you have never read this book... you really must. The Dodger is such a scamp, and a thief and really just a kid looking for love --- in all the wrong places. But true to form Dickens creates a world where he manages to take a lost child and harbor him.
I took these pictures right after the arrest, I didn’t actually see what happened but, Fern Sidman apparently did. Here is a quote from her article that’s linked at the bottom of this post:
This FREE event is open to students from the University of Manchester, MMU and the University of Salford, and will give you a detailed overview of the opportunities that exist within the digital industry – looking specifically at the exciting and creative worlds of advertising and marketing. A range of industry experts will explain – through presentations and one-to-one discussions – what it’s like to work in the industry and the kind of skills you need to succeed.
At least in Spain business does get done. Meetings with a client I had in Saudi many years ago involved lots of chat and gossip and time restraints might mean the business would not be concluded that day and I would have to return again – and again! It once took me three days to present an invoice, but then, anything that involves a Saudi actually paying for services rendered is fraught with difficulty.
Dialogue: 6,0:09:16.56,0:09:19.05,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,and the Manninbashi family that owns the mountainside.
The sleeveless version is included and is great for those Indian Summer days or nights out on the town. Both will have you looking stylish and perfectly put together!
neighbors sitting on their porches
I think sometimes we take life for granted and don’t realize we are NOT promised tomorrow. Each day is truly a gift from God and each day should be treated like it is the last day we have.
Be well all!
In the last 24 hours, many interesting articles, Facebook conversations, phone conversations and real-time face to face talks converged in such a way I really wanted to connect with parents ‘out there’ in the blogosphere.
Its the beginning of my so called BREAK from work. Sitting at home and being bored out of my mind. The funny thing is that I really was looking forward to this break. I wanted to sit idle and do nothing. Like reliving my college summer vacations. I guess reliving the past doesn’t seem like such a good idea after all.
American Studies and English
That thrill of standing at the rail is as powerful for kids as it is for adults. As such, we, along with a couple hundred other families, dragged our kids out of bed before sunrise this past Saturday morning to go have breakfast with the horses. Once we got there, Pip and Polly dutifully ate their eggs and biscuits and then reveled in trolling around the collection area by the rail, alternately watching the horses and watching the other kids watching the horses. After a while, we decided to take a walk through the stables to see what else was happening, and during that walk Pip gave me another of his ongoing lessons about teaching, learning, and the education of a child.
Here's a little list of "pauses" --
Improve Darts Performance – Self Hypnosis to Help Play Darts Better
I commit myself to investigating why I haven’t accepted and allowed myself to make a clear directive decision/choice to correct myself and walk a path of self respect and thus to then do that but that I have accepted and allowed myself fight with myself attempting to hold onto both sides which thus always end up with me falling as I refuse to let go of the past, and thus I commit myself to bringing myself to a point where I am able to let go of the past completely and in this walk a new pattern or patterns of self honesty and in this establish myself as an actual point of self respect.
The priest said,
* 1 medium carrot, cut into matchsticks
This one has taught me some lessons I thought were interesting.
How can God encourage us if we feed upon that produced by the world through the various forms of media? If there is a steady diet of T.V., movies, DVDs, Video games, periodicals, yes, and even the daily newspaper, how is God going to have His input into our lives? The sailors had no means of encouragement. This is true with every unbeliever, for the world offers nothing of lasting value. The ultimate goal of such a person is seen in Hebrews 9:27. “And it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment.” They may not have known the verse but there is this implanted truth in every unbelieving mind for all, by nature, are afraid of death.
ADMIRAL OF THE FLEET.
4. BEAUTIFUL SHOW in Singapore
Good day to you. Or is it? I’m sure you’re sitting at home enjoying the wonderful spring weather and having not a care in the world. But I’m here to inform you of a very grave matter that deserves your immediate attention. You and I are living in an unpredictable and deceiving world. Yes, it’s true; the news I have is startling and may just change the way you live and think. Friends, I’m here to tell you that Puffs brand tissues are the very epitome of evil. Oh you think I’m joking? I assure you I’m not. I’m sure you’ve never considered this idea, in fact, I’m positive you never have. But new evidence has come to light that Puffs is not only bad, but horrible.
Yes, there is a story there and Zephaniah 3:17 is a big part of it. So much so that it is the topic of my next book, a journal account of the incredible journey we have been on since leaving our beloved Texas home, which I look forward to sharing more about in the coming days. This passage is so meaningful to us that we actually wrote it on the foundation of our new home before the builders finished out the basement this week.
Shabazz Muhammad began to tire when the Stags went to a four guard set on offense and tried to deny him the ball by filling in the passing lanes on defense, but the high school All American still came up with big plays in the second half. Marcellous Bell and Jairus Lyles helped DeMatha trim a 13 point lead down to 2, but that would be the closest that they would ever get. The Cookie Monster and Jerami Grant were both in foul trouble, and neither was particularly effective on the offensive end. Kelvin Howard also got a start for the Stags but he didn’t wind up producing any points.
so in honour, here's a round-up of some of my current fave DIY & handmade family tree ideas. beautiful & meaningful art we can make for our homes {see one of my other faves here.}
Sometimes slip ups are relatively harmless. Other times, most of our readers won’t notice. All too often, however, it’s those huge glaring ones that are too painfully obvious that they cause embarrassment.
First, “Macro-evolution purports that nothing made everything. Sometimes this claim goes by the term spontaneous generation. Essentially, no-thing causes every-thing to spring into existence, although this is not considered a miracle because there is no God.” He quotes Francis Collins in his book, again, saying, “I can’t imagine how nature, in this case the universe, could have created itself. And the very fact that the universe had a beginning implies that someone was able to begin it. And it seems to me that had to be outside of nature.”
Today some of the girls tried to stand up when I came into the room and I insisted they sit down (traditional respect for the teacher, but it was alarming to me).
BUT to those who are in a Long Distance Relationship.
Taught to walk a rut that is
Zuma repeated the call at public meetings in the province at the weekend.
*Improve digestion – keep your system moving
Eric and I hosted our 1st annual murder mystery dinner and it was a great time. We will be doing it again next year. For his costume he wanted to be a ghost, so, I made a 3 piece suit! That's right, I said 3 piece suit. I used Simplicity 4083 for the jacket and vest and I used my TNT pj pant pattern B5153 for the pants. Sorry the picture quality is so poor. I took this at the end of the evening, so there was no natural light and the costume was incredibly wrinkled. This pattern was very quick and turned out quite nicely! For the pants I pressed a very crisp fold down the center and no one even guessed they were elastic waisted pants. For this costume I used the 8.5 yds of white cotton twill, 3-1" white buttons, 7-5/8" white buttons, 3 yds of white fusible interfacing and about 1 yd of 1" white elastic.
Step 5: The cops get overzealous, Well who can blame them. The judicial system screws them over, the judges wipe their arses on them, the media forgets realistic reporting because only the top 10% and the botton 10% of news is news-worth...if an Ozzie cop even breaks a sweat, they become guilty of brutality.
I had been working as an Art Director at a major apparel licensing company and although I loved my job, I did not feel fulfilled. I simply didn’t feel that I was using my education and design skills to do something good for humanity, to improve the world in which we all live in. It was from my encounter with Sandhya that the idea was born. I have spent the last two years developing the fair trade unit in Kadapa and now the organization has finally reached the launch stage.
When I was in junior high, my most beloved grandmother moved in with us. She was a wonderful storyteller and writer of children’s stories. I spent hours in her room soaking up family history and descriptions of turn-of-the-century life in Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. It was from her I learned I was not so much Irish, German or Hoosier pioneer, but Scottish. She was born a MacLachlan and her great grandparents had immigrated from near Strathlachlan.
Happy and Blessed Easter, my friends...
Lodging Hospitality
Failing that, is there any acceptable way to put people in your own guild on ignore?
It was also my good pleasure to meet TOO FAR and ONE HAND. Too Far is pictured (left) manning his position at third base. To the Capitals Base Ball Club, in truth, it was a pleasure to meet you all. I hope you enjoyed the rest of your stay in our little village, and all arrived back home safely. May we meet again and thank you for travelling and participating in a fine day of Vintage Base Ball in Brooklyn.
How much must He then have loved us, when He gave all the time He had, even His own life, for our benefit, just to care for all our wants, and more importantly our needs.
“My flying machine will have neither wings nor propellers. You might see it on the ground and you would never guess that it was a flying machine. Yet it will be able to move at will through the air in any direction with perfect safety, higher speeds than have yet been reached, regardless of weather and oblivious of ‘holes in the air’ or downward currents. It will ascend in such currents if desired.”
It's amazing how the simple act of taking a few deep, cleansing breaths can affect your body. Yoga is perfect for helping you to gain control over your mind and your body. Deep breathing, staying in the moment, calming the mind and relaxing the body are what I practised this morning. Staying in the moment and calming my mind were the most difficult, as my mind was constantly distracted by the impending meeting. Nevertheless, I was still able to stretch out my body, so I wouldn't have that clenched jaw and shoulder look at my meeting, and I was able to enter the meeting standing tall and open-chested, breathing deeply, composed and focussed. Thanks to yoga.
Should our power by any fatality be withdrawn, the commission believe that the government of the Philippines would speedily lapse into anarchy, which would excuse, if it did not necessitate, the intervention of other powers and the eventual division of the islands among them. Only through American occupation, therefore, is the idea of a free, self-governing, and united Philippine commonwealth at all conceivable. And the indispensable need from the Filipino point of view of maintaining American sovereignty over the archipelago is recognized by all intelligent Filipinos and even by those insurgents who desire an American protectorate. The latter, it is true, would take the revenues and leave us the responsibilities. Nevertheless, they recognize the indubitable fact that the Filipinos cannot stand alone. Thus the welfare of the Filipinos coincides with the dictates of national honour in forbidding our abandonment of the archipelago. We cannot from any point of view escape the responsibilities of government which our sovereignty entails; and the commission is strongly persuaded that the performance of our national duty will prove the greatest blessing to the peoples of the Philippine Islands.
Think of it this way…. Lets say that some one shares, likes, pass on or emails a blog, video, photo, audio sample or anything else to someone that has no idea who you are. Then lets say you have a link associated with that post, you have taken out the extra steps of them having to search you or look you up. And even as easy as it is, when they can point and click, you are grabbing a potential new fan that much faster.
Paul Joseph Watson
Ginger Honeycomb, Ice Grey 1 & 3, Soft Peach
There is also a Forum you can participate in to discuss all aspects of the Telescopes in Schools Program and Astronomy in general. Please register, and participate in the discussions.
How do I fix that? I joined and committed to completing the new Bible study in the ladies ministry at my church. It is called Me, Myself, and Lies. It is all about the lies we speak to ourselves every day. I am determined to allow God's voice to boom out over the little mutterings of my own mind. This study is my chance to finally break down this stronghold of self-talk in my life and truly allow the word of God to be the voice I hear.
Ognibene said going after Bart Haggerty was completely out of bounds.
Drain the lentils, remove the carrot, celery and parsley, and set the lentils aside.
distressing
I was seriously dying to read this! I wanted to read it real soon but somehow or another I'll pick up another book and completely forget about it. You know those type of books that put you on edge, stun you and completely knock you off your feet... yep you got it I'd tell you I love you, but then I'd have to kill you is just that type of book! How glad I am that I finally read you!
3.Perspectivas Sombrias
But I think we can go further with a properly written down model. We can explore the circumstances under which the scion is actually preferred over other candidates.
Me: I love speaking to you, I just hate the phone. Was there something in particular you wanted to tell me about yesterday?
Nina however is not a fan of Flickr, she says it is as much fun as watching paint dry.
Probably the same as for any writer - dare, write, edit, refine, be persistent and be creative. And network too, apparently.
…Okay, I’m back. Whenever I see the the word “faithful” words like “loyal”, “devoted”, and “obedient” come to my mind, and those words tend to make me uneasy, because even after I received Jesus as my personal Savior and Lord many many years ago I could never claim those titles as my own. There have been times when I walked more loyally, devotedly, and obediently than at other times…but have I ever made it through a day where I was 100% loyal, devoted, and obedient? No, I haven’t.
1225 **D-XI/7(A)/1995. “On Desire: Thoughts at Seventy.” Alumni Class, Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1885(4), above, pp. 174-79.)
1 packet of gravy mix (I used Au Jus)
2) Head to Manarch and talk to THIS BARD now (picture 2) located behind the Inn. He lost some sheets of music of his during the invasion of Ranva and wants them back. You either volunteer for them or he volunteers you automatically... To Ranva!
He told me it were beyond savage. That a savage would kill and eat another savage,:
None of this has made a blind piece of difference. Indeed the combined attempt to insult and belittle us has driven even more towards us.
761 D-V/7/1978. “On Virgil’s Aeneid.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
‘Cause you’ve made for so much more than
This morning i toddled off to post the backrounds off....all in all we had 18 fabulous techniques and i hope it inspires you to do some creating , i know i cant wait to try a few....
The Cyberman are a bit of a let down in this story. They act like zombies, showing no real intelligence. They seem to take their orders from a computer. Their metal faces looking strangely happy. Their vulnerability of the week is to artificially induced fear.
The virtual world of OZ has been hacked and a malicious virus, known as LoveMachine, is systematically tearing it to pieces, and literally “absorbing” users. The thing is, though, is that OZ is like Facebook, only bigger. The virtual world presented in Summer Wars is fully integrated with the entire society at large: businesses are run in OZ; public services, like traffic control and emergency access, are coordinated through OZ; even infrastructure, like electricity and water, are controlled in OZ. In short, the entire country is running on OZ.
Musicologist Dr Jonathan Walker accompanies Anna on a historical mission, picking out examples on the piano and explaining why and how our western ears hear certain note configurations as "oriental" - from Chopsticks to Chopin.
They bring coffee (cream, no sugar)
Malema urged a full hall in the Ehlanzeni municipal administration building to have as many babies as possible—“to prevent the revolution from losing steam”.
A summer beer needs to be no less flavorful than any other beer, it just needs to be light and refreshing. But so often, to get the "light," breweries offer a watery, uninteresting beer. It's fine on a hot day, and maybe even preferable to something heavier and tastier, but it's not ideal.
BOO! HISS! STFU!
Words don’t describe
maybe make the biggest family in 11th grade.
Hilary Clinton and Pentagon big shots responded with the usual regrets and worthless determinations to investigate, without admitting responsibility - all while Pakistan's own death toll from the "war on terror" rises, it struggles under an excess of American demands that are contrary to its own national interest, and as uninformed, people-pleasing US-senators and Republican presidential candidates continue to pick on this infinitely more important country.
Cyber SPACE Progressive Scrap!!!!
From his debut in 1935 Tod went on to delight movie audiences for many years as he brought to life a whole host of memorable ne'er-do-wells on the big screen. His most notable movie performances of this period included; Maria Marten/Murder in the Red Barn (1935), The Greed of William Hart (1948), Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (1936), The Face at the Window (1939) and Crimes at the Dark House (1940).
Good thing I took this plum tree flower as we were heading out for the walk instead of waiting until we returned. Blue sky here now, but when we got back, it was all cloudy.
At the awards ceremony Gichuki gave out cash prizes to each team, based on performance. These were to be allocated to purely educational needs by the girls on the team, in consultation with their local principal. “And I will be personally following up and reporting on how each of you use this money!” Gichuki added. “Don’t just eat it. Bread and sodas are not your ‘educational needs.’”
Wednesday: 30 min. run
(2) Each will receive as he has done: if he is righteous, his righteousness will precede him; if he is wicked, the reward of wickedness is before him.
My battle to pardon my faults has been fed by more than the regrets of one relational failure. I’ve been singing Sia’s “Breathe Me.” Feeling unsafe having lost myself again with no one else to blame. Unbearably aware of my own need to be held, to be cared for after so much coldness. So worried about the attraction between me and these men who’ve shown so little respect for my emotions. Concerned by this pattern of almost romances and awful endings I’ve had. Worried that it’s not enough to simply say, “Lesson learned, I won’t do that again.”
**I apologize for the sheer harshness and negativity conveyed within this piece. Writing this seemed to be the only way that I could vent the rollcoaster of a day that I endured, so I display my thoughts here.
Well over half of Kenya is not just poor, it is Poverty. It is the people we have come to feel sorry for. The ones we will even give money to on the streets, or pass down our old clothes and shoes to. It is the ones the 50 Cent came to feed. They are people we will always sympathise with but will almost never relate to. Unless…
Last friday I constructed a wardrobe. It's a massive, hugely heavy thing and looks like a coffin for a couple of obese giants. I even had to affix battens to the wall to keep the beast from falling on us, which given my DIY 'skills' is the equivalent of a caveman making fire. It took me about nine hours and was like wrestling with the Ark Royal. By the evening I could barely walk. I needed a beer. The one I reached for was a Tsingtao that Mrs Wheels had put in the fridge two days earlier. Yes, that adjunct-heavy Chinese lager which invariably gets a hammering from all corners of the beer blogoshire for (among other things) its uncompromising lemony blandness. You see, I have a soft spot for the stuff, which provided one of the milestones on my 'journey' to becoming a beer nerd.
Today is my dear Mother's Birthday......she would have been 68 years old.
1)Knit four sweaters this year
Embarrassing things happen to them and they take it like champs.
After thinking about this for a while, I came up with these suggestions to help beat the stress of feeling like you just can't do everything and make everyone happy.
-Eleanor Beck, WBIR-TV, Knoxville, TN
There were countless times when I was made to feel like I was a trained monkey. For some reason my mother thought it was fun to show me off like a circus side show. I could tell people weren't really all that interested and many times it was the wrong place for such things.
5. My bike. I like to bike anyway. It was nice to use it as an actual mode of transportation.
1. Fridge magnet
The retreat was at the beautiful Lake Lanier Resort in northern Georgia. This is truly an oasis!
There was a TV show called In at the Deep End in which the presenters had to perform a new, unusual task each week, and one time the task was to play a movie villain. So he went to speak to Oliver Reed. Which was very interesting, because Ollie was sober, which wasn’t his usual style for interviews. And he was in tutelary mode, which was also a surprise — rarely can you find Ollie talking about his craft. Outside of this conversation, I can only recall one quote where he talked about the importance of growing real facial hair, “because it moves with your face,” rather than having a fake bushel spirit-gummed onto the old chin.
I highly recommend you check it out this weekend. I will always have Pearl Jam's "10" on my list of best albums of all time...but I forgot how really good it was until I saw this film. (Cameron Crow really did an awesome job with this film). And to see everything leading up to the way music changed during that time was like being a part of history you never knew you were part of.
During the Lewinsky revelations, Clinton went on television and pleaded with the American public “to allow him to get on with the job”.
After lunch and a much needed caffeine pick me up we were off to pick out our new tree! As soon as we got to our local store and hit the nursery Boog spotted the loveliest lilies. I LOVE Lilies so of course they were immediately added to our shopping cart. Soon we came upon a Hibiscus plant. When Littles saw it she started to grab for it and say "my, my" over and over again until I put it in our cart. So Littles picked out our "tree" ( I think it is really a bush) and Boog picked out some flowers to add to our yard.
It is recommended that parents attend the information evening at their child’s home school (the school designated for their community), which can be determined using the Halton District School Board “School Locator” at http://schoollocator.hdsb.ca. Please note, Essential Level, Life Skills, Gifted, French Immersion and International Baccalaureate programs are not offered at all high schools.
The process exposes any weaknesses in the plot, any digressions and lack of tension. “Once you get into that, and start exploring story that way, it is a revelatory experience.”
So far I have showcased McCovey cards from the 2000s. My collection includes cards all the way back to McCovey's 1960 Topps Rookie card so I thought I would turn back the clock and show something a little older.
One performance down, 49 more to go. We're heading out to the theater now for performance number 2. I have a feeling we're going to be sick of Annie by the end of the summer.... :)
I think not! I'm not *sure* where it went wrong, but in looking at other fondant for bees recipes I found that the hot sugar mixture is allowed to cool somewhat, then beaten, then allowed to cool down the rest of the way. The recipe in this book has you pour the molten hot sugar onto a dish, allow it to cool a bit, then pour it into a loaf pan or other similar mold. Maybe we were supposed to beat it in between the two receptacles? Otherwise, why use two dishes? It says the final product can be sliced. Mine is scoopable--not sliceable. That could be a temperature issue, though, so I'll try it again and cook it hotter. Anything for my furry little girls and their promise of honey later on!
I just love Theresa's beautiful hand drawn strawberries so I had to use them for this card. I stamped the main image with Memento ink and colored it with Copic Markers. I traced around a Spellbinders circle die with a pencil and then cut it out with scissors but leaving the areas that had the stamped image. I layered the circle on some patterned paper, added a ribbon and then I used a strip of patterned paper from Petals and Wings paper pack underneath. I inked all edges with Tea dye distress ink and sewed around the edges of my card. Finally, I stamped the birthday sentiment from the set and added some rhinestones.
And so we are confronted with a film that not only exploits sensitive topics and subjects; it revels in them. And Jiang Wen paid the price for his genius. Although the film opened at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival and ultimately won the Grand Prix (the second place prize behind the illustrious Golden Palm), it was banned in its native China by the Chinese Film Bureau. Both the Chinese censors and the Japanese producers balked at such ideas as showing Japanese soldiers killing Chinese civilians and Chinese people as backwards and gullible. Reportedly, the Chinese Film Bureau dispatched men to Cannes in an attempt to block its premiere and seize the film’s negative.
We're on vacation.
do you love it, chessmate?
It seems I know I know eight things about Turkey, which is not very much.
The third film ius a fairly annoying a cut and paste audio-visual collage called Paying Attention.
Remarkably still alive and well and living in Alicante, Trinidad-born Snr Ros began his estimable career as a pioneer of Rumba music in London during the Second World War. Apparently a favourite of Royals and the masses alike, his inspired Latin American cover versions of popular standards became staple fodder for afficonados of middle-of-the-road music. He has recorded more than 800 albums, selling millions in the process. Despite offically retiring in 1975, his most recent recordings were released in 1994!
(Phoenixville, PA) 12:05 p.m.
Years ago, on his “Bible Answer Man” program, I heard him talking to a grieving woman. Her infant niece had died and she wanted to know if the child would be in heaven. Camping, with absolutely no compassion or concern for this woman or child, told her bluntly that if God had pre-ordain­ed the child to be saved, it was in heaven. If not, it was in hell. The woman sobbed and Camping simply said, “Next caller.”
those elegant "l"s (latitude & longitude), developed an
but at this time I'm just relaxing
Patient Services Manager
This weekend, wherever you are, whether the sun is shining or the rain is falling, take time to do something that gives you pleasure, something that you enjoy. It could be as simple as sitting in a café.
The management and team at Sonaisali Island Resort and World Resorts of Distinction (WRD) are very pleased to announce the appointment of Clair Abot as the new WRD Business Development Manager for North America. Claire, in her new role will represent both Sonaisali Island Resort & Tadrai Island Resort, Fiji in the North American market.
All this madness
16 December 1973.
AND Ang will be back later to share today's fun sales!!
Or take me 2,000 miles to my angel eyes
According to the production team, Super Junior, SNSD, and TVXQ members introduced themselves one by one and talked about each other. TVXQ’s Yoon Ho introduced himself as “a charismatic, tough member of TVXQ” and said he liked to exercise. At this, Leeteuk got laughs saying, “I think Yoon Ho could be more successful as an athlete.”
Wipe my nose
Coming up this summer, we're working on bringing out my first three crime novels—Forgiving Solomon Long, Deliver Us From Evelyn, and the book that was published as Tribulation House—in brand-new eBook editions. As we get deeper into the process, I'm considering whether (or how much) to revise these books. These books are more shoot-em-ups with cops and mobsters and con men and all other types. These books also have quirky characters, but many of them are quirky and also quite dangerous.
Thanee puts a hand on Mesdan’s shoulder, and for a moment Mesdan feels a horrible wrenching indecision. It vanishes as Thanee’s next words fall out in a rush.
"After hearing many heli's overhead at a friends house in Carroll Gardens we looked on Gothamist news map to see what the commotion was about. It turns out there were people in the Gowanus. We decided to investigate and head over to the spotlights in the sky.
(Try to sing along to the same tune, here goes):
IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE (1946) at the Dark Room, on Bad Movie Night, a traditional part of their War on Christmas. Call me a Grinch, but drunk and cracking wise is the only way I ever want to see this movie again. If I ever have to move away from the bay area, I'd want to live in Pottersville. At least it's better than Cleveland.
before one of them came to be.
After about 2 weeks of doing this, they forgot the necessity, and I grew tired of always having to ask for help. So one day, I tried getting into my chair by myself and was successful. So, some days I’d ask, if a co-worker happened by as I came in, and sometimes I’d try it myself. It got to the point where I was really paranoid and fearful every morning hoping I could manage to get into my chair successfully. If I fell, I wouldn’t be able to get up by myself. I had visions of having to call 911 and having the firemen pick me up. It became my most frequent prayer every day, that I be able to get into my chair safely.
14. We Need A Little Christmas by The Muppets
"The projected revenue shortfall is due primarily to investment return experience averaging 5.5 percent per year over the last decade that was significantly less than the long-term actuarial assumption of 7.5 percent," Milliman Inc. consultants said, according to the report. The study will be formally presented to the $152 billion plan's board members April 12.
Firstly, the average teenager of today will spend more time consuming software, through game play primarily, than creating it. It’s a relatively passive relationship. In earlier times, messing about with the computer was infinitely more accessible (there was BASIC) and people were encouraged to try. Computers were not considered to be complex and precious. People were less afraid of breaking them. The more kids that messed about with their computer in their teens, the more likely was the outcome of having those kids grow into young professionals adept at creating new things with those computers.
Thanks for understanding and playing along!
There is no one ‘model person’ standard that we all compare ourselves to, to determine whether we are worth more or less than others. Our world is made up of billions of individuals that are all different, even if they look similar or act in a similar way. Even though we can be similar we are not the same. And if we are all not the same, we are valuable for our uniqueness.
timpani’s boom, life’s promise of doom
So then I go on. the road is good and the edge is marked with a white strip. This was really good because the headlights form the oncoming vehicles can be blinding, so I would focus my headlamp on the white strip and ride when they came. The trucks would sometimes even give me a dipper, lower their lights for an instant and that really helped. The climb was tiring, but I’d been expecting it so it was ok. That way the altitudinal profile was very helpful. Soon it started becoming light and I found myself riding a smooth, broadly undulating road. I passed Ayanur in this early morning light before the sun was up and stopped in my tracks as I spotted a large owl sitting on a peepal right above the middle of the road. I could barely make out it’s silhouette and it flew away as I looked up and saw its eye-shine. There were nice forest patches between the villages now and I passed by some patches that looked like erstwhile teak plantations.
So, while it is business as usual, I'll need to be more selective about what I write and when I write here.
Somehow – despite the rare skill of expertly hanging out THREE ENTIRE LOADS of washing inside a small apartment, cleaning the coffee machine, walking the dog, eating Sunday’s leftovers, going for a run to nowhere, chatting in broken French to the Fratman, taking the wine bottles to the public recycling bins and trying to ignore the disapproving stare of the old lady with just three tins to contribute; sneaking in an old episode of Antiques Roadshow, chasing up an old medical account with an insurer who only answers phones between 9-12 on weekdays and even then has an answering machine that says, ‘Our lines are busy. Please try again later,’ and fishing out 52 retro French magazines from the papier skip before photographing and putting them up for sale on ebay – I do manage to do all of my freelance writing gigs on time.
Jessica.Mann@eytt.org
Without You, Jesus. (Without You, Jesus) Without You, Jesus (Without You, Jesus)
Minced onion (I had some dried minced onion and just sprinkled some on until I thought it was good for me)
It’s not always about the waterfall.
We are horrified to learn for example that the National Sports Institute acquired 23 horses totalling RM5.66 million without a Financial Ministry go-ahead.
If you are aggravating to buck an egg and accept a Pokemon with the Magma Armor or Flame Physique adeptness in your party, afresh it will cut the buck time in half.
When you sign this petition you give a voice to the voiceless. You offer your support to men and women who suffer from their childhoods. You provide an opportunity for healing, awareness and for your child and the child next door, prevention.
If you don’t like Zooey Deschanel, you probably had a jacked up child hood, have no imagination and need professional help to work our your issues.
“What? No kiss?” She looked up longingly at him.
I met the elderly gentleman at a brocante fair, he was selling hand made fishing flies. Works of beauty, exquisite knots of thread and feather and beads, designed to lure and to deceive. But it wasn't the boxes of flies that drew me in, it was the old piece of fabric thrown across a trestle table and used to create his stall. A length of pale grey ticking, a most unusual colour, beautiful.
Hole # 18, SilverRock Resort, White tees, 446 yards
It doesn’t matter if the drink is his or not, if it is in a cup, sport’s bottle, sippy cup, baby bottle, or bowl, he will drink it. He has learned to be sneaky about it, too. When no one is looking, he has made my brother-in-law’s coffee disappear as fast as his sister’s 16-oz sports bottle of water. Recently, after cooking some bacon, I had poured the grease into a glass canning jar to harden so I could dump it outside. After being distracted for a moment, I returned to the kitchen and discovered that A had somehow managed to get up on the counter, and drink some, before dumping the rest into the sink. His thoroughly oiled lips were a dead giveaway. While I don’t know how much he drank, it didn’t seem to affect him at all.
Descrição: Network management is core to running a business, yet the tools that the IT PRO needs are too costly or not available from Microsoft. With Windows Server “8″, we change that with the introduction of IP Address Management (IPAM).
Good Evening to all who are reading this,
By this point, some of you are probably checking to make sure you are actually on An Awfully Big Blog Adventure, and thinking, 'what's all this got to do with children's books?' Before I answer that question, let me put up another photo from my day at the Banksy exhibition:
Step 5: Once you have everything covered, put it back together. What do you think? Since this was my first reupholstering project, I would have to say that I am satisfied. This chair even has moving parts and it still worked out. :)
The greater problem, in terms of numbers and spread of readers, is The New Statesman’s promulgation of these vile assertions. Bradford gets two types of press from the national media: bad and none. And now, in a truly mixed constituency which has consistently chosen to ignore race and religion, we are being accused of being racist and religiously fanatical. London, piss off! We don’t want what you’re selling. You know our stereotype, you come here (once in a blue moon) and see what you want to see, take your ‘proof’ home and peddle it back to us. In this instance, though, there was no proof: the assertions of voter racism are from the pen of Khan’s pen and imagination rather than the lips (and certainly not the actions) of Bradford West’s voters…
But we also heard that there were “orders” from above “arahan dari atas” for the alleged brutality and crackdown.
With all of this in mind, I was making conversation at dinner last night. I started to ask Teen if she had any thoughts on this matter. Then I stopped mid-sentence. How would the younger 2 view this event? Would it add more worry to Youngest's ever-worrying mind?
Now, acting on sources that are entirely a combination of hearsay and ad hominem arguments, I know some people here who know Vogt, who tell me that he is absolutely the kind of guy who would never, ever say something like this. So, if you're feeling even a little bit generous, it's not too much of a stretch to say that the press fumbled this one. This problem is rampant enough throughout astronomy that NASA actually offers seminars on how to speak to the press in a manner that, among other things, teaches you how to keep them from misquoting you.
Net result: in order to legally broadcast music, radio stations ought to obtain two sets of licenses: one from the owners of sound recordings (or PPL, which often collects on their behalf) and the other from the owners of underlying works (or IPRS, which is meant to collect on their behalf).
However, we must also note with sadness that some journalists in the mass media reporting on this deplorable event have betrayed all sense of measure and the cultural traditions of our city which developed over the course of three centuries to become one of the great national legacies.
Saas Fee is a beautiful winter resort to stay in Switzerland. Getting here from Zurich airport takes about 3 1/2 hours. Take the train from the airport and alight at Visp train station. From here, take the yellow postal bus. You can check the travel schedule from SBB. Remember to get your rail or swiss pass stamp first before travelling.
Jack catches me as I stumble forward, my strength’s failing me. He is going to win again, I can feel it, I just don’t know what winning in tales this time.
1) The Sea and Summer, George Turner, Grafton Books, 1989. Probably the best science-fiction novel I have read. It takes place in a Melbourne ravaged by global warming.
I honestly fear that I suffer from it. All of the symptoms and signs are problems that I endure. My dad has an undiagnosed, severe case of bipolar. All of my relatives on my dad’s side have a history of mental illness. So it is perfectly plausible that I’m not clinically normal.
The ending is kinda strange and you should look at it yourself, I won’t spoil it for you. Just one word: confusing.
1 soon
5" x 6.25" Card Recipe:
All meetings begin at 7 pm.
now, I consider anything fun, as long as my son is having fun. The other day I spent a majority of the day following him around outside as he explored a huge field, played in the dirt etc. Walking around a field is NOT my idea of a "fun" day, but at the end of the day I realized that I had had a really enjoyable, and relaxing day just walking around hanging out with my son and watching him learn, play and enjoy himself immensely outside.
Love you when we’re apart.
I created a cute little Earth Day card, combining this alpha set with "On The Mend". The heart shaped world is from the Give A Hoot Cricut cartridge, and I just think it is adorable!!! Love that it is heart shaped! I also used these stitched felt hearts, which I think I have had in my stash for at least 3 years!! Tee hee! Glad I found a cute way to use them!! Here is what I created:
Honestly? It did kind of feel a bit repetitive. I mean, the amount of time they just stood around in their house was a bit more than I would have liked – but even saying that, the comedy never got old and there were a lot of different locations used etcetera. I mean, there was an episode about skiing, and episode about bathing, and even a prison setting. So, apart from the times were they were in their apartments, it was varied.
Snakecharmer – Strength 6
Since a lot of you seemed to find my complications worksheet useful, I'm going to also share the character worksheet I use. Fair warning though, it's long and complicated. I'll add some discussion and break it down into several different posts. You can download the whole thing as a pdf document here:
Finally, at 8pm, four hours after the alarm was raised we received the all clear. Standing to strech out cramped limbs, the children were gathered up first and helped down the steep slope. Men from the party positioned themselves at regular intervals to help people over the tree roots and rocky outcrops. The last thing anyone wanted was a broken ankle on the way down! I waited at the back to make sure that those less limber, or clad in non-rock climbing flip flops, made it safely to the bottom, where a teenage boy could be heard saying to his mum "I think a snake has just crawled up my leg..."
TM 11 - BubbleBeam
4 tbsp castor sugar
I am satisfied in you.
And,...being helpless and useless and homesick.
Handcrafted with 12 botanicals including a rare blend of teas, Beefeater 24 is distilled in the heart of London. Its name is inspired by the city’s 24-hour stylish, sophisticated lifestyle, as well as the unique 24-hour steeping process designed to make the gin exceptional. Beefeater 24 is the ultimate creation of Desmond Payne - arguably the world’s most experienced Gin Master Distiller – and draws upon his more than 40 years of distilling expertise.
It didn't take to long before it all came together.
Look for this badge and more information/directions on Saturday morning. Click on the badge to go there now and bookmark it for Saturday morning.
That's the very basics... contact us for details.
Theoretical concerns. The nature of language, so reading Wittgenstein, indeed often playing with his own language, but also the nature of perception and so reading Austin’s Sense and Sensibilia. Feminism, the construction of gender, the relative treatment, roles, burdens of women globally. In that context, what does it mean to say, to know? How is being a woman implicated in each and every one of my actions, of any woman’s actions? How can language, poetry, be a means to articulate those experiences, those understandings? Kristeva, Irigaray, and Cixous, here are useful to me. Politics more generally come into the work, most recently war and torture, the Bush Administration’s wars of adventure and plunder and the consequences to lives, cultures, human rights. How does one write in the midst of horror, articulate one’s inherent complicity? I live here, this is/was my government. It is not clear to me that poetry is any effective means of grappling with these issues, but in writing I seek a means of both engaging with and articulating that vexed territory. Landscape and the environment, a sense of place, are also at the heart of my thinking and work. I have moved around so much, I think I have no longer any place which is my own. A common condition, no doubt. One of the consequences, going hand-in-hand with global industrialisation and unrestrained capitalism, is the degradation and loss of places, both in terms of environmental integrity and the inherent character of a place. I live in Lafayette, Louisiana, the heart of Acadian culture in the United States, and though much about that culture thrives here, it is in a compressed form: the music, the food, and, to a lesser extent because of the systematic efforts to extinguish it in the first half of the last century, the language. The landscape, however, is increasingly decimated by oil and natural gas exploration, the chemical industry, suburban sprawl, and coastal erosion which is itself linked to the oil industry, as well as to the carving of shipping channels through the wetlands and the restraint of the Mississippi River to a course which forces its load of sediment out past the edge of the coastal shelf. So living here, where I thought to find my neighbours speaking Acadian French, there are almost none who do. Where the coast is but a short drive away, it is littered with industry and vanishing at an astonishing rate. Where the bottomland forests and swamps give rise to an extraordinary landscape of land that grows ever more wet as it approaches the coast, becoming at last the prairie tremblant, I live in the midst of Popeye’s Chicken, Chili’s, Domino’s Pizza, Target, and Walmart where sidewalks are almost non-existent, automobiles king, and the only ‘wild’ land within reach is a scant 10 acre park at the edge of town, also serving as a trailer park. Reading on place: Bachelard, J.E. Malpas, Edward Casey, Yi Fu Tuan.
Nowhere in the above exhaustive list have I ever suggested that I wear a handbag to carry other people’s important/random pieces of crap.
It is not necessary to voice every thought that comes into your head.
I’ve gone from ACOA to SA to Al-Anon to OA, when what I really wanted was a group entitled Adult Children of Fucking Maniacs. It doesn’t exist. For 40 years I have followed my mother’s directions and bad example to one extent or another. From overdosing on ice cream and chocolate, to raging at her husband and children, she branded me with her mania.
Oh but theres more !!!!!! she been giging , busking and has lots of various acoustic sessions booked on Radio , plus one of her covers has been aired on radio too !!! its been totally manic !!!
If you are lucky, you might have a friend who is kind enough to drive out to where you live to pick you up and take you places. Most friends are not that kind unless they live next door to you and you pay for the gas.
ARE YOU READY?
"Woah!" you might exclaim, "and he married you?" Yup. He thought the poem was fantastic, and he showed it to everybody at the party. And some people were actually jealous. Nobody ran away. Pretty weird, huh? And AWESOME, too!
Another story, leaked by the CIA to Associated Press, claimed the discovery of the Abbottabad compound as the result of an electronic intercept. In August 2010, according to the story, a voice was heard in a phone conversation with someone whose cell phone US intelligence was monitoring, and from the substance of the conversation, intelligence analysts concluded that it was Kuwaiti. That in turn led CIA operatives to the Abbottabad compound, according to the story.
This meant that I was home, alone with a dead being laying ten feet from the front door, and the weatherman was telling the viewing audience that while the temperature today would be cool, the sun would bright and would warm up the sidewalks and the ground. Taking it one step further, that would heat up the possum and draw flies, and I didn't want to be the house on the street that had a fly problem. People on this street will and do frequently talk, and I for one would rather do the talking instead of being a topic at the next meeting of the Committee of the Middle of the Street.
FABULOUS Dawn Gold
And for every 10 new followers – Ildz is adding extra bits to her Candy!
In 1865 J. B. Lightfoot argued against Bauer and the Tübingen school. The Judaizers were not authorized at all by Peter or the Jerusalem church, although the Jerusalem church were slow in stopping them. The Jerusalem Church wanted to find a way to compromise between the radical teaching of Paul and the traditional teaching of the Judaizers. J. F. A. Hort suggested that these Jewish opponents of Paul were lead by James, although mistakenly so. James himself did not authorize the teaching in direct opposition to Paul, but his followers took James’ example of a Law-keeping Jewish Christian to the logical extreme and forced Gentiles to keep the law.
boiling oil. They finally exiled him to the Isle of Patmos, essentially
Hour 1 (2pm)
Yeah, when I’m in a good relationship, I walk around all smiles and people notice it – a change in my walk, that glow about me…”ooh, Lauren’s in love!” Then again, if the asshole did something/we got in a fight, people notice that my whole mood is dragged down and sometimes that interferes with stuff like job/school performance or catching an attitude with someone else. So I gotta say that the peace and calm from the absence of such drama kinda outweighs the “feeling lonely” aspect that pops up like once a month…
I met both of these men at a time when I had just ended a bad relationship with the man who was my first. At the time, I was broken. I foolishly thought that I would “play these guys like they play us”; that I would teach them lessons. Yet, I’m the one who’s learned the most from them. Today, I can say that I’m not the same girl I was at 21 (in many ways). I’ve been down, up, down, and up again… but I’m not the same. And it’s in part because of what these men have taught me – good and bad. They’ve shaped my thoughts on men and they’ve made it harder for the next guy – not because he has to compete with them (clearly I’m not with either man for a reason) – but because they both showed me that I deserve, want, and need so much more.
Your brewing method of choice is also very important. Most coffee purists (including myself) will tell you that the best way to brew coffee is by using an immersion method of brewing. Unlike conventional drip brewing methods, the coffee grounds are mixed into the hot water and then filtered out. This gives the coffee the highest possible water to coffee exposure possible.
I was about to wander out empty-handed and call it a good trip, when I spied a little room with overflowing shelves. Of what? Fabric! All sorts of fabric, in all sorts of prints. There was a lot of crazy kitschy prints that I would never use, but a lot of really great ones, too! And prices were somewhere like $12 for 2 and a half yards, which is a great deal. So I settled on this one:
The day got off to a hectic start for me because of an alarm clock malfunction.
2 TBSP chicken bouillon granules
I have others on my team, young girls. Both are returning, again. Working to save the money. Trusting that the Lord will provide. Young girls who could be using that money on things that most young girls are spending money on at their age. Using the time they are working to have fun with friends. And they never complain. They are SO excited to return.
Similar legislation was also, according to the article, proposed by Chuck Schumer of NY, who has not been criticized roundly in the press for leaving out Asians and others, as well as Schumer pandering to a huge Irish electorate in New York – of course Schumer is a Democrat, therefore, in his case it may be herald as a fabulous bill, while his Republican Counterpart in Massachusetts is given the short shrift by the press.
And the first picture was taken when we got home.
On the day we decided to tell BB we were moving, Hubby and I dropped him off at music class and we went looking for boxes. We took them home, I cried for all we had lost up to that point, I pulled my shit together, and went to pick BB up. We decided to take him out for lunch (Chick-Fil-A was a rare treat at that point after Hubby’s job loss) and then we’d tell him that we were moving.
do you think she wasnt in pain too?
And if life belongs only to the strong Alfie
These little balls of yarn have been machine washed in hot water, rubbed a little to smooth the surface, and sent to Stephanie for her birthday some time ago.
Samir Ben-Said Nasri
The only way to true freedom is achieved through Jesus Christ. To require this, some sort of captivity must exist, by implication. The captive is often unaware that he (she) is being held captive, although he feels most of the time unhappy. When the captive realizes that he is being held captive, he is able to make a free choice to get out of captivity. Sometimes the captive is unaware that he is being held captive and can only come to realize in what position he was, after he has been set free. He will now be able to choose to stay in liberty or to return to his captive status. The latter usually brings about a worse state of bondage. To stay liberated, a deliberate choice to follow Jesus is needed. Captivity is caused by Satan and his demons. This does not justify the captive's choice to make himself available for captivity and therefore his actions in this captivity (bondage to the kingdom of darkness) remains liable if it is in conflict with the law.
I somehow missed the weekly photo challenge of March 23, but in spite of being late I decided to submit a photo as I could not resist the proposed subject. The picture was taken summer 2011 in a little town Sabbioneta, in the province of Mantua, Lombardy region, northern Italy. It is situated about 30 km north of Parma, not far from the northern bank of the Po River and it was inscribed on the World Heritage List in 2008.
Inspired by the struggle of South Africans against apartheid and in the spirit of international solidarity, moral consistency and resistance to injustice and oppression,
Throughout theworld, large portions of agricultural land are devoted to the production of wheat. Wheat is the national food staple for more than forty nations and provides 20 percent of the total food calories for the world’s population; it is the major staple for about 35 percent of the people of the world.
And as he heard these words, Ananias fell down and breathed his last; and great fear came over all who heard of it.
I spent the weekend in St. George.
We're so thankful for adoption.
Frederick described setting, character, and plot as the three legs of a stool. After discussing each element she gave participants a five-minute writing assignment before summarizing and moving on to the next element.
IN DOUBLE BOILER, melt chocolate and butter until both are fully melted. Stir together to combine thoroughly and remove from heat
Is not that I have not worked extra hours, but this time, the feeling is way much different from what I used to do. While working, it's still OK, but when I got to the car driving home, I was hoping that either the car or myself grew additional pair of wings!!! or suddenly, I can just accelerate and whooooooooofffffffff I am HOME!!! I can't wait to see Princess at home and I was kind of worry of her with the helper!
It's also possible that the small press has created the contract itself, which, if it didn't receive expert advice, can result in unintelligible language, or copyright confusion, or perpetual options on series and sequels, or outrageous reversion clauses--or even no reversion clause at all (a big problem if the contract is life-of-copyright). Important clauses may be missing--the publisher may not be required to print a copyright notice, for example, or there may not be a defined period of time in which the publisher must publish
Until then, be careful what you wish for...
I apologise to my poetry readers for the fashion related posts, I will get back to that later. But this is my imagination and I believe creativity should never be limited and I am all for thinking outside of the box! I would also like to say a huge hello to everyone new and who checked out my last post, welcome to my imagination, make yourself at home!
So far, so good:
I arise today
The children agreed in our discussion that this would make a good story, but really remarked on nothing but the dead bodies and the guns. I found it interesting that none of them said a word about Liberty herself. While looking at this, Sadie told me about a movie she has at her house in which someone dies, "but only at the end." She thought that this painting must be the end of the story, and for at least some of the figures portrayed here, it was. This may explain why we had so little to say.
It's time to change trains and the station porter is giving Bob and Betty directions to the Underground. But hasn't anyone noticed that creepy stranger standing right behind them?
Cheers to a closer look at suppression and hypersensitivity and a knowledge level that blossoms!
SOUL SURFER by Bethany Hamilton
How did this happen? I dare not ask WHY. Just do not go there. But when I have days like this I just think...how in the world did this happen. I will work through my hurt and thoughts today and get back to the I can do it and we will do whatever ..I call that my RE-GROUPING .
Continental did a nice job taking care of everyone. They were pleasant, fed us many times and came by with water many many times, no issues staying hydrated.
Oh, I also got hit by a tro-tro on Monday. Which has absolutely nothing to do with this story but I thought it was worth mentioning.
Riley decided to make himself comfortable in Justin's desk chair. How sweet is that? (Please excuse the awesome mess of paperwork completely surrounding Justin's desk area. He decided to clean out his desk over the weekend, so I wasn't going to complain about the papers strewn about all over the floor!)
Me: I think I look pretty good but I’m worried about my neck.
sat together
The magical principle we’ve just discussed explains this bizarre bit of ideological transformation. The main figures in the neoconservative movement entered public life in one or another of the panics over Communism that swept through the American right every decade or so from 1919 until just before the Soviet Union’s collapse. Like most political panics, these focused obsessively on the feared and hated Other, and a glance back through the biographies of prominent figures in neoconservatism shows plenty of involvement in that pastime. The result of this fixation of attention was utterly predictable to anyone with a grasp of magical theory: what the "neocons" contemplated, they imitated.
That moment of being
What we have is a square peg in a round hole plot in which the immature Gilmore, fantastic knack for driving the ball he has, does not fit in with the PGA tou. He does bring in the young crowd, so the powers that be reluctantly tolerate him. He makes an enemy in the smarmy Shooter McGavin (Christopher McDonald) McGavin is an amusing antagonist, though one who engages Gilmore too often in the sarcastic remark department in which he is outclassed. The conflict of Gilmore improving his golf game in order to beat McGavin would have been sweeter had Gilmore not already gotten the best of him in other areas.
And here it is like a house that is merely walls
Also, thank you everyone who reached out to me about my previous post. I was happy to be able to share it with you and it made it that much better after hearing some feedback on it.
According to David J. Stein, whose data is shown above, "It's interesting to note the logarithmic growth of issuing patents with titles containing terms like 'computer program' and 'software' that predates State Street Bank. This would seem to disprove the notion (common amongst opponents of software patents) that State Street led to a flood of software-related patent filings - rather, it looks very much like State Street merely acknowledged the inexorable trend of patent-worthy software."
Only you can decide what to give God today or it would not be a gift. What can you afford to sacrifice to God? What do you need? It is usually the best place to start. Don’t worry about what others think but give what your heart is holding the tightest to lest it becomes an idol standing between you and God. When you think of giving what do you fear most? Give it. Then you will receive God’s Answer that conquers all fear. You are not emptying your life as a sacrifice because Jesus did that. You are simply making room for the Blessing of God to fill your life to overflowing with His Abundance reserved just for you! Say with me, “I will give ________ today!” In no time, you will change your tune from “What Have You Done for Me Lately” to “Look What the Lord Has Done!”
But Ireland’s neutrality during World War II was not uniform. On the one hand, various factions aided and abetted the Nazis, out of hatred for the Sassenach. On the other hand, Irish youth who longed for glory crossed the Irish Sea and joined the RAF.
Janna 'I have bags under my eyes' McGregor
but Manuela tugged at his hand forcefully.
In another posting he said: “Mandela asked so nice, start at home with food poison, gas leaks, cut the phone lines, kill the babies in the pool, be creative or if you have no nerve, call me and my team … we have 3 000 on standby and can be ready with in 24 hours… think about it now or good luck.”
Early in my college days, I joined a local gym, and I remember feeling really proud when the step aerobics teacher told me what natural rhythm I had. I could grapevine with the best of them! I never really liked going to the gym for the weights or the treadmill, but I loved taking those step classes. It was so nice to get the recognition in a class full of skinnies.
When writing this review, I discovered that this is the first in a series, and I'm quite excited about that. As I finished the last page of the book, I wondered if (and hoped) there would be more in store for Anya and the remains of her family.
Ghee - 2 teaspoon
and a great response from everyone we met and chatted to.
I believe that the goal should change from making children happy and protecting them from harm to raising them to be independent adults able to problem-solve and cope in the real and sometimes difficult adult world. A safety net can become a trap. Dependence on one’s parents means lack of real security and often results in low self-esteem, depression and anxiety. It's nonsense. Someone has written another book about how kids these days never grow up, and how it's all the parents' fault for being too helpful, too involved, too available. Read more about it here. Apparently, parents need to set more boundaries, have higher expectations, force independence at a younger age. The goal of parenting should be independence instead of happiness?! Dependence leads to low self-esteem?! Security makes us feel insecure?! I disagree.
Just let a preacher, a true man of God, fresh from being alone with God, acquainted with deep and aching hours of prayer, get up in the pulpit. Let him look out at the people before Him, his heart breaking for he sees them as God does: sees their sinfulness, knows their depravity, realizes their unfaithfulness. Let this man, fresh from the depths of God’s Word, begin to pour out God’s truth.
The child’s birthdate is included in the story.
Psycho and Peeping Tom were released in 1960 and the two films are remarkably similar in their examination of psychologically disturbed characters. Although both films are now considered important entries in the horror genre, Psycho was tolerated by the critical establishment while Peeping Tom was not and the failure of the film critically and financially ended director Michael Powell's career.
For further information please contact:
Do not deselect yet!!, Effects, Eye Candy 4000, Gradient Glow, Glass, 79.52, 100,
Taking your order at the ‘ticket booth’, the staff are genial and relaxed, and meals are delivered to the table with a smile. The menu is basic and fairly uninspired, but family friendly and affordable. For only $3.50, your kids will love the Station Master Lunch with a train shaped sandwich, choc iced cupcake and a glass of juice. Offerings for adults include egg & bacon pie, lamp wraps, focaccias, salads, steak sandwich and chilli con carne, plus a specials board for breakfast.
I love how this little boy wrote "I love polar bears because"! Almost my whole class can spell the word because, because we use it everyday when we write to our star student!
Rob Parissi (lead vocals & guitar) was raised in the steel mill town of Mingo Junction, Ohio . Parissi graduated from Mingo High School in 1968. Rob formed his first band in 1970 in Steubenville, Ohio, one mile north of Mingo Junction along the Ohio River. The band's name "Wild Cherry" was taken from a box of cough drops while Rob was recouperating from a brief hospital stay. The band played the Ohio Valley region, Wheeling, West Virginia and the rest of the Northern West Virginia panhandle, and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The original lineup included: Ben DiFabbio - Drums, Lead and background vocals - from Mingo Junction, Ohio, Louie Osso - Guitar, Lead and background vocals- from Steubenville, Ohio, Larry Brown - Bass, Lead and background vocals - from Weirton, West Virginia, Larry Mader - Keyboards, Lead and background vocals - from East Springfield, Ohio, and of course Rob Parissi - Lead vocals and Guitar.After the original members broke up, there were other members who also played before the big hit, such as Rob's cousin, Coogie Stoddart - guitar, Lead and background vocals and Joe Buchmelter on Bass.
Do you have someone you want to thank? Why not head on over to join the first challenge on our new challenge blog. Plus, while you're there you'll see all the fabulous creations by the rest of the Design Team, almost all using brand new images. They're wonderful! I hope to see you play along!
Instead, I am going to tell you that when we left home, Hubs had his mind made up that we were going to eat Mexican food. All day, I salivated at the thought of perfectly seasoned and grilled shrimp folded inside a warm corn tortilla with some creamy coleslaw to make the most awesome shrimp tacos. I wanted. I wanted badly. With beans and rice. Then, we got to the big city and Hubs decided he wanted pasta. So much for Mexican food. *shrug*
Some things are private for a reason but if you put your life all over the Internet be prepared to deal with the consequences.
Gear: May carry clubs (str +d6) or large two-handed spears (str + d8) of bone. Some (especially those in arenas) will be equipped with crude leather armor (+1 Armor).
It's not comic. Transmogrified life's not for school, should only be penciled
Same way you can do nothing to make it not for you can never revert what is:
In America we want kids to have a broad academic education base and to be able to read and write and do math well, traditional school is designed to give a broad liberal arts education. It is the extra-curriculars that are individualized and help develop who a person is. Extra-curricular activities (whether group, team or solo pursuits) are what make us who we are as a unique person. Even if a kid only does group activities their combination of them helps shape them: the baseball lover also is outdoorsy and enjoyed Boy Scouting for many years, the math geek on the math competition team was a chess competitor on weekends and loved running cross country and track and field.
“Fine” simply means that the sky will probably be overcast and grey and that it is unlikely to rain – though there may be light drizzle.
It is an impressive-looking beer. A striking russet, and clear as a winter night. I'm not sure what I was expecting, but it wasn't russet. It has a characteristically lager-y aroma, like a marzen, sweet with a touch of aromatic noble hopping.
Share a life
Question: And just what did I do with that aforementioned barrow load of perennials?
Day Thirteen : 13.48
This body of work is lovingly dedicated to the memory of Urias Gabriel and Rachel 'Moon' Fulmer-Winkelman.
Highly recommended for fans of church-state separation and for fans of dystopian fiction.
Maria is an Asian-American, born and raised in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. She is 21 years old and was born at the beginning of the Bush Sr. administration. Her tone, while exceedingly self-deprecating, is beautifully passionate as she talks about her dreams and anxieties. At times, her self-effacing manner has the potential to undermine her strong and brilliant voice. Maria was raised Sunni Islam and is devout.
My phone just rang three times. I just got five new email messages. Three are things I need to opt out of. Two are for making plans over the weekend. Two of my peeps just walked up to talk about stuff I missed during their lunch meeting.
Buff: Paris, I'm no prude, but it's undignified and maybe even unsanitary.
Andy Andrews: Andy’s Smoked Fish Surprise.
Director, Human Resources
and then i glance across the room at my new closest companion
Don’t worry – we did remember to get a Christmas tree. We decided to put it in the TV room so it was visible as you walked in the house (and let’s face it, Matt and I spend a lot of evenings in front of the tube).
Mix all the ingredients thoroughly and store in a plastic container with a lid. Use two tablespoons per wash. The powder will not make suds. For a very heavily stained load of washing or tradesperson’s clothes, if you have a top loader let it fill with water and start working, then turn the machine off when the powder is dissolved. In a front loader, operate the machine to dissolve the powder and then stop the machine for an hour to soak the clothes. Leave to soak for an hour, or overnight, and then turn the machine on and continue washing as normal.
Merging local authorities. They’ve already done it in Greece, reducing its number of local authorities from 1,134 to 355 which saves €1.1bn annually. And in Spain they’re considering a reduction from 8,000 to 2,000 with the intention of generating savings of €10bn per annum. And what criteria are the Spanish considering? If a local authority has less than 10,000 people then that is merged with an adjoining authority. In Ireland, we have taken tentative steps towards cost-saving mergers – the merger of Limerick city and county should save €15-20m a year . A quick look at the top salaries and people to whom they are being paid, by local authority area in Ireland, might convince you of the rationale for more mergers.
Next up is a twenty-something guy I’m guessing is house-sitting for friends of his parents.
Oh, man, every time, while I am drawing something for the blog, I imagine what I am going to write about it, and come up with some really nice fitting words - however when I have finished the picture I am completely exhausted and my mind is a blank. You must all be already very bored with my "Oh, wow, I loved blablabla", "thisnthat is so amazing/ beautiful/ breathtaking" sentences.
having been in the computer business professionally for nearly a decade, and a hobbyist for twice that long, I’ve become very jaded about product performance claims. My rule of thumb is to take whatever is claimed on the box, and divide by two. But once in a while, even I am pleasantly surprised when a product does exactly what is promised. This dual band wireless N wifi adapter is one such product. I made this purchase so that I could stream 1080p movies, with DTS or Dolby Digital 5.1 audio from a NAS 12ft away from my WDTV Live, which is directly wired into my Netgear WNDR3700. What this means is that I needed a card capable of ~25Mbps sustained through…
1 skein of coordinating color yarn
Staring from within some other body
Pour the root beer and molasses into a deep medium-sized pot, and bring the mixture to a boil over high heat. (You need those high sides because the baking soda will froth up very high, and you don't want it to spill over! So make sure there's some meaningful space between the liquid and the top of the pot.)
Women.
“I don’t know, frankly, I’ve wondered that myself.”
Not only that… I was stocking up on music that would have never likely been released, ever, anywhere if it weren’t for them being posted on blogs. Music that Spotify will never have. I found out about artists from California to Denmark to Japan thanks not to Spotify, but to my now antiquated method of rifling through numerous blogs for links to what I hoped would be great music. The hunt was the digital version of digging into vinyls in the back of the record store.
The more I find on the Obamas, the more I feel that the FBI when doing their background check must have been sleeping at the switch. My research is finding reputable sources disclosing many of their past discretion's and questionable acquaintances.
SEMINOLE COUNTY, Fla. — Seminole County deputies took a man into custody and then released him, after they say he fatally shot a 23-year-old woman Saturday night in Geneva.
ones beyond. There’s
“Let there be light”
Some neighbors talk of the prospect of drunken, celebrating fans, though the team has had little to celebrate in the last few seasons in New Jersey. The issue isn't whether the team wins. The issue is rowdiness in a residential neighborhood, whether from crowds attending basketball games or concerts. After all, as the Times doesn't acknowledge, the setting is nothing like that of the United Center in Chicago, offered as an example by a security official at the liquor license meeting.
20 kb swings
The $525,438 grant was rubber-stamped by the city’s allocation committee later that month.
Let us love as Christ loved, when on earth once he trod.
Reviewed by Sophie Fuggle.
This is not about race. This is how Umno intends to win the 13th general election and the sooner we deal with it the better.
The British media has been quick to exploit his mystique through stories that played on his eccentric reputation. But they have been faster to switch tact, this time condemning a man harder than the studs that raked down Song’s shin. Listening to the drivel Jamie Redknapp spouts into the Sky Sports cameras is always an eye-gougingly painful experience but as he sat there laying into Balotelli he marked the moment in which the striker became the City scapegoat. As his never-ending stream of venom was fired at the Italian throughout the coverage, it became painfully apparent of just how tough a ride Balotelli is given. Would it be the same if Jack Wilshere had the same attitude? Probably not.
David Fickling was talking about Book People and Non Book People (to paraphrase) and the divide therein. It made me think that maybe we ‘Book People’ need to be a bit more evangelical about our passion for books. This brought Jamie Oliver to mind and his ‘Pass It On’ programme where he taught people recipes and asked them to (yes, you’ve guessed it) pass it on! The people they pass it on to then pass it on to someone else (keep up) and it eventually many many people know that recipe.
Jason Hills has said many things which I agree with here. The problem, as he put it in another post, really has to do with the idea of objects as ready-made, that there does not seem to be a good sense of generation or change. I think Michael Austin addressed this well in his essay in the first issue of Speculations. Though we disagree about the reach of phenomenology, the fact that there is some capacity or conatus or vitality (organic or inorganic) that is not reducibly to thought nor to strictly eliminative means seems important.
"But, I don't have an extra $125 a month!" Really? Take a look at last month's bank statement to see what you spent your money on. Pizza? Starbucks? Beer? Are these things more important to you than becoming wealthy? How you spend your money says a lot about the things you value.
The problem? Fig sap is an irritant, comparable to poison ivy. So, when God comes moseying through Eden to find Adam and Eve hidden, Lord knows they was itchin’ in places that couldn’t have been too friendly for scratchin’, if you know what I mean.
4) Once everything is exactly where you want it, pull out your glue gun and start adhering your buttons to the canvas. I was originally going to sew each button on but quickly saw how easily I could lose my mind, and went for the glue.
- In Singapore it is illegal for a person to walk around the house naked and not flushing the toilet. Also a person can be executed if they are found in possession of more than 200g of cannabis resin. Oral sex is banned unless it is used only during foreplay and if a person is caught littering the streets he is forced to make an appearance on TV with a bib around his neck saying "I'm a litterer."
Today was no exception...I was trying to eat dinner but I just couldn't seem to stand the thought of food. I started getting a craving for Motts applesauce...which of course doesn't exist here (and actually I don't recall seeing applesauce in the grocery stores...) so James googled recipes and started making me homemade applesauce. An hour and a batch of applesauce later...no dice. I couldn't eat it. By this time I had a hankering for pudding...you know the chocolate Jello kind. So James goes to the store, buys the closest thing here (Angel Delight) and whips it up....no dice. Poor guy, struck out on both accounts. Later on after he finished cleaning up the kitchen he made himself a bag of popcorn and settled down next to me. I then ate his entire bag of popcorn. Seriously, James had no chance of getting any. Either I am the world's worst wife or I married the most patient guy ever.
Here’s an unofficial list of the Top 10 Wedding Bloopers. Of course, Emma has the number one spot. Check this list out:
Rubbing her neck, Sam stared up at the cabin in the tree. Light flickered in the small windows and she caught a mixed smell of wood smoke and lavender. She glanced back at the pathway, but it was gone. The fence had closed around them in a perfect circle. Her skin crawled at the sight of the skulls' red eye sockets, still glowing red in the darkness. Her father let out a long sigh, but whether it was born of relief or fear she wasn't sure.
Good point. I guess that consciously playing yourself well is a difficult first step in RPGs, and then playing someone you're not well is much more difficult. That's where I'm at.
Marc Edwards, Lieutenant of the British army, raised in privilege, continues to court Beth Smallman. Although she is outspoken on the financial situation with the merchants and farmers he finds himself making compromises. While considering a wedding date Edwards has concerns of uprooting her from Upper Canada to some far off country: the British colonies in Van Damien’s Land, India or the Caribbean.
The festive season is a little like a marathon... a start full of fire and purpose... but without a modicum of pace, the race slows and we loose our puff. I have never been about pacing myself... I know I should... but it's never happened so far, so it is unlikely to now. The holidays are a busy time for all of us... busy planning, busy working and busy celebrating... The most important person in the whole schedule... that gets left behind... is us. Who has time to follow their regular beauty routines?... Not me... Shortcuts and quick fixes are what I need at this time of year... My can't-live-without skincare, my 5 star beauty picks, my save-the-face-day products are easy to use and allow me to feel in control even if I'm not...
The second one is an even tougher nut to crack. There was a crack. I guess that’s what made yesterday tough. I was expecting signs of a crack and nothing came. Patience is a virtue(al reality).
This is how Mussolini described early Fascist meetings. Modern-day Leftist agitators too seem more interested in slogans than in any form of rational debate.
Carnival Cruise Lines, “The Fun Ship”, will not be outdone. Carnival offers shipboard or “On Island” wedding packages, as well as Romance Packages for a memorable honeymoon. Like Norwegian, Carnival’s package provides the officiant, location selection, music, sparkling wine with keepsake champagne flutes, cake with keepsake cake topper, and photography service. I’ll help you coordinate your wedding with Carnival’s wedding coordinator.
*The next day saw a new series called “The Undateables” on Channel 4. I found the title very offensive and as anticipated, the first two programmes produced some very negative comments, focussing on the aspects of the people featured which could be easily mocked. The people that received the more favourable comments were the ones where you could SEE the disability – proving once again that autism awareness or any other invisible disability needs more awareness
Cantor: oh yes Fluffy
Title : A Diagnostic System for Studying Energy Partitioning and Assessing the Response of the Ionosphere During HAARP Modification Experiments.
Or would that actually happen? Do you think that maybe there are people out there that if not directly detoured away from the broken door would try to walk through it until they walked right through the glass or became severely concussed? They don’t have to have yellow tape blocking them from broken doors but more so blocking them from life! This astonishing turn of observations severed the height of my hopes in humanity. I soon did shrug those feelings off and went on my merry way until I found more yellow tape!
For your presence,
From the house that built me
That’s when I looked straight into her eyes, “I know you’re hurt. Don’t lie to me about that. I can see it. It’s there. In your eyes.” Yeah. I knew I wasn’t supposed to say that. But hell, I wasn’t supposed to have grabbed her hand, and hauled her outside to see the flowers in the first place. Sometimes, you know. You just have to take the rules people follow and lock them up in a desk drawer for a bit. And do what needs to be done. What should be done. “I love the flowers. Sometimes, I think they’re the only sane thing, the only real thing around here.”
These are the techniques I employ in my practice, as well as for my clients – I may not use all of them at the same time but this is the list I feel confident in using whenever it is deemed necessary.
Happy Mother's Day text
I'm going to use and study gesture drawing and then I'm planing to blend with my style. It will take a long time but as I say: "I don't have a hobby except drawing!"
My blog has most defiantly NOT been focused on Stamping and scrapbooking. I have no interest in changing that.. changing my blog focus to exlusively papercrafting. I like to be able to blog anything my little heart desires. From attempted murders on my cat to goopy eyes to what I'm stamping. I have only once posted about stamping.
In life, a lot of time, we heard/ read newspaper that people are so easy to commit suicide due to small issues which can be solved with just change our perspective of thinking.
I thought it was going to be quite straightforward. I have a diary and blog posts written at the time. Surely all I had to do was gather them together, edit them, expand on a few bits and throw in a couple of stories about particular images.
And after that rant from Lord Copper, we now return Sloggers everywhere to our coverage of international pro-Am Hackgate sword-diving.
8 medjool dates
Sometimes the relationship continues, sometimes not; sometimes design bloggers have developed true, real life, in person friendships.
“Oh, no,” she says. “Keep it like it is. It looks sexy.”
Fortunately, Mr Boswell's grandson had access to a shotgun and knew what to do with it.
Here we go:
"Meetings took place in North Hwanghae and Ryanggang Provinces on Friday at which servicepersons and people vowed to wipe out through a merciless sacred war the Lee Myung Bak group of traitors who hurt the dignity of the supreme leadership of the DPRK".
Sri Aurobindo said that one had to meditate on the mantras to understand their meaning. This is exactly what my Veda Guru’s Guru (Sri anAkAma mAra formerly Sri Padmanabha Aital) also taught her. So though I have been bringing up vedArtha as a lesson option., she has been generally postponing it.
It's been well known that I am completely jealous and would love to go too. But we just don't have the money. So I had this crazy daydream that hubby somehow found the money and was gonna surprise me too. It was a silly daydream that I knew would not happen......until I saw the dining reservation confirmation his aunt had made and it said 4 guests instead of the three I knew about going on the trip- her two daughters and their one friend. (I'd let her use my email address to make ressies) And one was for one of my favorite places- BOMA!
Class 99 notes that, while this news item has been reported widely in the UK press, none of the reports carries any illustration of Next's products or Tesco's alleged infringing goods. A brief internet image search of both Next's and Tesco's sites proved equally unsuccessful. Can any readers help?
Have the ladies won over in converting our 'real men' into Glampers? :) I'd love to know what your think, or perhaps you have converted your man, or maybe you too love the outback roughness with burrs in your back, and the creepie crawlers in the night.
For a free-sacred free-choice on the edge of a lake
A new approach is needed and that is what is at the foundation of these legislative proposals.
AMcCC: Absolutely. Self-publishing in print is something else entirely. First of all there's the cost, but more than that, as you know, anything with an ISBN has to be lodged with the Legal Deposit Libraries. It goes into the national archives, if that doesn't sound too grand - but that's what happens. Which comes back to this thing about reputation - your own. It really is sticking your neck out time, putting your head on the block. I'm all for it. But the problem with self-publishing is distribution.
Paula Gerber is a senior lecturer at Monash University Law School and a Deputy Director of the Castan Centre for Human Rights Law. On the Board of the Victorian Equal Opportunity and Human Rights Commission, she is an expert on international human rights law, with a particular focus on same-sex families and children’s rights.
If a teacher saw a Sharpie marker, she probably would think nothing of it. But this particular one had been filled with gunpowder and a fuse was attached. If it weren't for a text message the student sent, deputies may not have known about the very dangerous plot.
* set test_module:debug = 0×13
Unless of course it's her mother who's saying that.
The past few days in class we’ve been covering the skill of writing. Most of my students are trying to pass a test called CET4 in which they’ll receive a certificate (if passed), giving them better job possibilities and even higher testing options should they choose to keep excelling in English. Most of my students haven’t passed this test even though they’ve taken it 2 or 3 times. I’ve always known their English was poor, but I thought, “Surely it can’t be that hard of a test. They’re reading and listening skills aren’t so bad.”
What is being done behind the scenes, and the work that is being done in awakening people’s hearts and minds and bodies to the wonder of who they are, and to the wonder of each other, the shift, to stop being defensive and in fear, to the deep desire and passion to be in community and unity and sacred union—never before have we heard such a consistent plea and prayer from the human collective as to be in the unity of sacred union, of partnership, with one another.
First, it snowed yesterday before my first final. Snowed people. People are stupid here when it snows. So there's that. Oh yeah, I also finished my first final! Woo-hoo! Now only if three weren't three others to take...
I'm highly overwhelmed and am scared that if I keep pushing myself, I am going to push myself back into the hospital. How did things get like this? I see everything through the nauseating fuzz of a disgusting little pill, one that is punching holes in my life and my head. One that gives me back physical mobility, but creates chaos everywhere else. I can't even find a Dr. who I can discuss it with. They will prescribe them, but won't talk about them. Ironic, no? I have so many appointments for every little area of my life and I move on to the next one, hoping it will be the one with some answers to all of my questions, and instead I get answers to questions that I didn't even have or more pills that I can't live with and I can't live without. I just want this madness to truly end.
Okay, I was going to write a whole thing today about how I’m trying to catch up with comments and how I’ve received a bevvy of awards and have yet to respond to them, but then I came across what I’m about to show you. I am literally trembling with excitement as I write this piece and share this with all of you. It’s glorious. Sometimes democrazy – oops, democracy – is wonderful in how it allows everyone to have a voice, even the ones who have just stepped out of an insane asylum and who get their political information transmitted by aliens through the tin foil on their leftover turkey pot pies. This is just so good, I had to share it. Here’s what I suggest you do. Read my commentary first, in case you are at work or to just get an incredible overview of what’s in store and then watch the video. Oh — and be sure to take note of the black-haired fellow sitting directly behind the crazy lady talking. He’s laughing his ass off and it’s a sight to behold.
Masked behind religion and
the Revolution.
But since I've stopped the routine I had going in February and March, I started noticing that the bugs in my head were returning. It didn't take long for me to realize why from a very practical perspective.
I’m what I call a “Public Sector Undertaking (PSU)”. Before taking a shot at the qualifications attributing to this self proclaimed tag, would love to dwell a little more on the about part of me. I was born in Bhubaneswar not by choice but due to the strange Indian tradition of expectant mothers going to their parent’s place for the delivery of a child.
Spacial Delivery is a light-hearted romp of a science fiction novel - the equivalent of a beach read, with more brains, imagination and exotic settings. Though it's not a landmark read, it's a well-written and engaging one: that is, it's worth checking out from the library, or purchasing for a few bucks.
treatment, balanced meals. He receives visits, regular consular
A person’s outlook on life is determined by the values they live up to, which is influenced by the information they receive through the experiences they have and what they allow into their minds. The subject of marriage nowadays is practically the equivalent of dating! The world teaches more and more how its purpose is meaningless. Why would that be so? The only reason is because of how lightly divorce is taken! The world is in direct opposition to the Word of God. God teaches that marriage is important (Genesis 2:24; Ephesians 5:22-33; Colossians 3:18-19) and that divorce is not (Matthew 19:3-9). Now the Scripture I would love to emphasize here is Malachi 2:16:
Overall, I'm really pleased with this sequel! There was none of the typical sequel slump that so many second books go through. Everything kept progressing at an equal pace with the first book.
Each variety starts out with Organic Rolled Oats and builds from there to create these unique flavors. I'm really digging each variety for their very different flavor profiles, so let's take a look. The Apple Crumble brings me back to my teenage years when my mom would make us Apple Crisp in the oven for dessert! It's so amazing how close it resembles an old favorite of mine! Apples, pecans and molasses give this one my absolute approval! The Carrot Cake doesn't taste too much like actual carrot cake to me. It's more of just a sweet granola with components you would find in a carrot cake like raisins, cinnamon, and pecans. Still, it's amazing and delicious (Hubby can't stay out of it!). The Dark Chocolate & Red Berries is so fragrant when you open the bag! With freeze-dried strawberries and raspberries and dark chocolate chunks among the granola, this is an intoxicating blend that is super yummy and more of a treat than a granola you could pass off as breakfast. Lastly, the Aloha Blend is very tropical, even in the aftertaste. I love it! It's so different than the other flavors. It has pineapple, coconut and white chocolate chunks too. It's a great balance and one that I was not expecting to love. I also like that in these granolas you can find ingredients like flax seeds and chia seeds too. You would never even know that such healthful ingredients were in these delicious granolas!
One day, after a concert, a fan named Bill Magee approached Fiona and handed her a letter. The letter was about his school’s gay-straight alliance and asked Fiona if she would mind replying with a sentence or two of encouragement or support of the group.
God the Most High
She frowned. ”He can’t go home until he does.”
Well, my lunch break is over, its back to work for me!
Winning this doesn’t end there.. But sorry to disappoint you Admins, because you won’t receive cash. The winner will receive special electronic banners (Just digital pictures of different sizes. We will show you as soon as we finished updating our system) that could be posted on their site. It has their own logo, website address and website name with the claim as BEST BIG BANG FANSITE 2009. (we may include a very humble text like “Source: Official Survey conducted by Leejaedi Productions as the 2009 Best Big Bang Fansite” as this is really necessary so people can check on our site to prove your claim as the best fanmade dedicated to Big Bang).
How about that last week, both of my staplers with my name labeled on them were taken.
2 pebble
The most obvious is on racial policy. The NP thought it could run a successful economy without fully exploiting the skills of the black population. The ANC thinks it can run a successful state without fully exploiting the skills of the white population. The evidence that this cannot be done is apparent all the time at all levels and in all branches of government. And it is beginning to cause instability at local level and hurt the party.
2005 Maume Gevrey Chambertain 1er Cru Lavaux St. Jacques (100% Pinot Noir)–A fabulous wine from the first ‘vintage of the century’ in Burgundy. Brought by the same friends who brought the Corton-Charlemagne, we popped and poured this before the white was all gone. The nose was somewhat muted, but started to give off some raspberry and ‘forrest floor’ after some aeration. On the palate, very balanced with bright berry fruit and gripping acidity. Outstanding. 92 points.
God give you honor, you faithless heads of your poor people! What devil bids you occupy yourselves so violently with spiritual things, which are not committed to you, and be so lax and slothful in dealing with things that God has committed to you and that concern you and your poor people, now in the greatest and most pressing need, and thus be only hindering all those whose intentions are good and who would gladly do their part? Yes, go on singing and hearing the Mass of the Holy Spirit! He has great pleasure in it and will be very gracious to you disobedient, refractory fellows, because you let those things alone that he has committed to you, and work at what he has forbidden you! Yes, the Evil Spirit may hear you!
In our day Jesus would have just looked in all the places where people were not the most educated, most liked and were not sort out for. He would have strolled into the places where no one would have gone. I could just imagine him strolling across the park near the rough areas with the down and outs and the uneducated people and calling them to follow him dropping everything. I think that this may have been one of the reasons why they were so quick to follow him. They had already been rejected and told they were no good but someone chose them.
Good grief.
We decided to purchase some new bookcases and a "sofa table" for our living room, which, of course, requires emptying the old ones and whatnot. Dh has given up waiting for the fish to die of old age, so they were given away yesterday, but the tank is still not emptied--dh spent most of yesterday afternoon and into the evening putting together the new furniture. There are still about 10 snails in the tank and I hope to be able to rescue them and add them to the almost 30 rescued yesterday from the decorations, and I'm not sure how many snails the mom who took the fish took. We had a lot of snails. Just little guys, but still.
Clayton says that even nine years after launching the business, he still revisits his original business plan every year to tweak his marketing budgets, analyze his goals and make sure he’s set to tackle the upcoming year.
For those of you who are starting to notice shadows, pay attention to the B00 and BG93 that I threw into the shadows. I did this to liven up the shadows and liven up the artwork. Note that I also added YR30 and B00 into the highlights. I added the rough sketchy lines in the background to liven those areas up as well. You probably don't notice much of this at first, but it helps to add variety to the whole. I did very little blending on this illustration, except for the purple/gray marker label, and even then I tried to keep it sketchy.
"Pippa Piper picked Peck over Pickle or Pepper?" exclaimed Mary incredulously. "Which of the Peck pair did Pippa Piper pick?"
