Last night was Legen...wait for it...
You guys were right. The Avenger's was really good!
Got one, keep an eye out for Pittsburgh!
well, we're waiting!
We are honestly super glad! Thanks Kaeley! :)
Our thoughts and prayers go to the Ballesteros family. Seve was not short for Several as there was nobody else like him.
: just one of the great lines in that movie!
samesies. Heard it last night at the end of the movie "Warrior". Of course it's been in my head all morning.
About a half an hour until they bowl in SEATTLE with the CAIR Project and in HOUSTON with !!
This weather is just,sexy
I'm speechless. I'm glad no innocent bystanders were hurt.
Caps with sound on now!
In Carlton bldg. Student: Do you know where Duke 108 is? Wanted to say: In the Duke building. Didn't.
Going boating with and maybe tubing :)
Sending good thoughts to you. Let me know if I can help.
if I was your girlfriend I would kiss and tell ;)
Discount poker stuff!! Visit www.eproducts4less.biz
Did you know you can connect both your orkut AND myspace account to youtube?
ok, a few games
it's spring break in the library starting today. we have chairs, umbrellas, blankets, books. just no pina coladas.
Thank you so much!=)
University of Love. MAJOR: Godliness.
I ride the bus too and from school, if I miss it I'll just walk.
RT .: Or, to put that tweet another way way, it's possible I'm getting bored. / or you just really want a Fiat 500??
good luck!
Companies that solely focus on competition will ultimately die. Those that focus on value creation will thrive | Edward de Bono
sht im chilling
If it ain't "the business" I don't even care to spend my time working for the man!
Happy New Year , everyone (: 2012 <3
Thanks for the retweet Vonda... Hope you are doing well! lets catch up sometime !
come make me a roast and we'll have a sweet viben time
Deadline for choosing is TOMORROW! Please spend a few minutes tonight voicing your choice for the future of San Diego! It's easy!
When wants your phone...you end up with half your pictures being her
your last tweet made my day
#69Factsaboutme 55. I want ice cream now.
Gm!! We are almost there.....The weekend!!! Woohoo! Have a great day!!
: You BOTH are AWESOME! Thank you, thank you for your support!! :)
MIXED GREENS SALAD - With Orange, Cucumber, Jicama and Green Olive Vinaigrette
Automation, integration, software streamlining. We. Are. The. Best.
not that i talk to that faggit anymore either!! my life is a joke!!!
ha! Guess that is the kind of call you welcome from IRS? Worried what happens should you decline their offer?
I barely tell twitter goodnight anymore so goodnight twittertwat.
after practice it may be like 54 or 53. Just bury me in satin.
I was on set the last week so I already know ;)
When you are looking for a lover to solve your problems, that is the biggest problem of all.
A day without sunshine is like, . . . you know, night
Diamonds are forever, bitch.
Thanks for the follow Brady Drums. You guys have some sick snare drums! Will send you Drumageddon Manhattan when it's done!
Well I think I had a great night. You know with out the kids lol. Thanks to my hubby for watching them... Love him lots!!!
Congrats on the funding-that's really exciting!
I wonder if you're stalking me. You know who u are.. Angie!
Good morning:-) off to work, hopefully today goes smooth
Great pic! Thanks for the support!
good morning have a great day!
No problem, thanks for the add!
I'll be there!
- what?!?! it's just beginning for us Austinites! Free music!
- Will post them...
just glad u made it back!
Tomorrow is 2012 Fight For Air Climb in #Miami to benefit at Southeast Financial Center - we'll have 4 employees there!
#NowFollowing official twitter account for Alyssa's new show #Mistresses -> ! via
damn gotta put together some scratch within the next 2 months. Spot opened up at my boy Matt's house, its pretty sweet
Remember when Brandon Jacobs trucked that guy then stepped on his chest? Me. RT : Feel like I'm playing Madden!
GL Network: Cruising The Greatest Way to Explore the World
Who's stoked for Friday?!
When I feel smug for getting up at 4 a.m. I then remember people like are not only up but dressed and looking good for TV.
completely agree, there is malicious hacking, but a hacker's main interest is curiosity. hacking=goal of teaching
Nah RT:Griffin is terrible lol
i wish i could see the We Came As Romans/A Day To Remember/Bring Me The Horizon/Pierce The Veil in boca on sunday :'''(
Yep! If it's still good for you we're on!
is feeling the flow
Book worms!
...For I am doing something in your own day, something you wouldn't believe even if someone told you about it. ~ Habakkuk 1:5, NLT
Steve's Asian voice lmfao
If you shave your arms and you have a dick... Pull a junior seau and just end it.
Say hi to for us! RT : Is on his way to the state capital to talk with some friends
Congrats and good luck with your speech, Erica!
Absolutely! will be reaching out to you. Would love your feedback and thoughts!
I agree...he's been a tremendous addition! Great find by Chad Buchanan & his staff.
looks delicious!
True. RT : The Big East is next-level dysfunctional.
Come in to Bath & Body Bistro and show us your green and get 15% off your entire purchase!
That brown sugar lovin' being brought to my door, what!
Big debate here - for a 'family only' section on airline flights...to isolate those screaming babies...going too far? What do you think???
Natural ability without education has more often raised a man to glory and virtue than education without natural ability. ~ Cicero
i meant same episode man....
Hahahaha! I wish! He doesn't. Hes to into the Swim team & his girlfriend. :P
Heard the dougie on the radio today and immediately thought of :):)
Happy birthday
it was weird this total stranger gave a kiss on the sidewalk today!
I love how happy & hyper I am on days after I take my meds
Alright I'ma do that .
we're not there yet but we are growing and quickly!
My mom just gave me her piña colada and didn't realize it had rum omfg its so bitter ew worst thing I ever tasted
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow I'd have everything I want and need and I wouldn't let you go <3
Oh my, I would guess they had you hook line and sinker with the quote "like a modern day Hoosiers" ??
My hair is so short now. #gahhh 😱😱
A terrible thing happens when inspiration takes a day off. Nothing.
"If we're exotic to ourselves, then whose voices are we speaking from?”
OMG..so much drama for the 1st tribal council!!
There is no reason why I am addressing you
Good night Tweeples!
#shoutout to for the nice chat. U are my new friend in Illinois. Woot!
Should Nevada go for 2 after they score the inevitable TD...I say no. Play for OT with the home crowd.
Shotgun shuts his cakehole! Let's go!! :)
lol lifting metal an painting an construction but everybody been fuckin with me today they keep saying im rushing myself
u on facebook?
Thanks, David! I'll post some Niagra Falls pics next week. Those old signs were AWESOME. Very overcast sky though.
We love Open Data yes we do! We love Open Data how 'bout you?!?!
Frank is so very very Austin - and they serve !
I'll just order up another and pretend I'm alright cause the truth is im only drinking me lonely tonight <3
"We're asian friendly in here!" courtesy of
Jordan is just so tiny. He's so perfect.
I have a big heart..
No need to apologize. It is what it is- and you're right, it's excellent work.
Hey! Thanks d for thr follow and God bless what you are doing! Would love to network!
Fortunately, I belong to the BLOHARDS, the NYC Red Sox fan club, and they go up to Opening Day every year on a bus trip.
what happened with you and Silverstone?
My fam's here and life is good :)
that was a disaster/success. Some girls like to dress up nice....uh well some of them. Obvs not us. #good times
Man knows how to take care of it's employees I want to ride the double decker gbus
hi boo
i know Corey tells me al the time :)
you're just a hater. I tweet at athletes all the time, beg them for free stuff. Yet I am the coolest person on Twitter.
": << This weirdo ..." I knew this cocksucker by the name of darell
can only imagine.
I do not know the specifics of the advertising on the site; however, I believe it is a 3rd party that is involved, not DK.
Ladies: If your bf tells you where he is/who he is with do you really think that he's trying to cheat on you? He had friends before you.
Friends of Bleu unite!4/19 RatPack themed patio opening party!.Sig. cocktail & cigars to mark occasion! Invite only.Email bleu
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex bump n grind by R. Kelly
The wildest thing about Tel Aviv is how many cats there are. They are everywhere - trees, roofs, through the markets, etc. It's hilarious!
U look like u is
Thank you Sara!
Just saw some lady get stabbed in the neck at ruby tuesdays in Norfolk, VA.
Looking out my window at the Chicago snow Happy I don't have to go anywhere today and get to run my business and be with my family at home
Well, that depends on more specifics and my receiving more info and details.
Happy birthday to GJ Browns Baseball "A Division of Denver Browns Baseball" player Easton Metcalf
Tee Hee RT : #ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s Waiting for your Hogwarts Letter. That ship has sailed.
Entouch Keep Pretending by Latash Gardner a Hughes T&CSD exexutive Secretary lead 2 KCLA FM when Double Major ended
I did live talk shows before without TelePrompter and the switch was rough.I enjoy tv unscripted much better.
If not you, than no one “: I'm hopelessly devoted to..... Myself”
Aw, you're so sweet. I was thinking of you this weekend, would have been cool to hang out. Come to NYC! I promise no snubs! ;)
I think there will be more supermarkets than people to feed in the 518 soon. Welcome whole foods
ooh! Need to give this one some thought
all you have to do is download it! No strings attached! :-) The link takes you to the Alphabet book, right?
what're you doing??
Someone has been media coaching Mayweather recently.
#Obamaforgot his family's secret dog marinade.
The immune system has 3 functions: 1) Monitor for potentially malignant cells & stop the from spreading. #bloodfacts via
You are always so gracious. You should have been nominated, also.
why do people do covers of really good songs... and pronounce the artist's name wrong
"The point is of no return and you've reached it."
And did he finish the 2 lbs of fries? RT Took out to his first Five Guys burger. He had an appropriate reaction.
RT : A/B testing is like dusting after the bomb is dropped. Going on like nothing has changed. But everythings changed.
Kleven Contemporary is open today and tomorrow from 9am-5pm. stop by and have a looksee!!
Just waking up,, ah
What Im Up At 2:40 !
No fun! feels your pain. Where are you located? We can get it fixed pronto.
Going home and napping
lets hope on the eighth of Feb I get paid.
Mad props for the Foreigner reference!
Love your tweets :)
We need a killer recording setup!!! We have a wealth of new material that needs to be heard!!anyone wanna help?
I would die In Vegas. A bed would be were I put my empty bottles and passed out strippers. Hoping they don't steal my $30 Samsonite Bag.
...and the new restaurant idea is born.
#SignsYoureAtAHoodProm. They provide babysitting
Thank you for the follow! May I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, plays published at Indie Theater Now
RT : If we dont have it we can find it! If we cant find it....we can make it!! Stop in to Dinys Jewelers in Middleton!
what thinks about the duke-ohst game is irrelevant since he didn't go to college
Calling a torn ACL for Ramos. Jesus will save him this inning.
those chicks were so cool!
i use to hate it too but its way better than fb...i got my twitter connected to fb i post here and it post on my fb pages
Listening to my sister prattle about music.
Thanks! “: Also new to #bestsellers - "Here Comes The Brides" -- #1 on the NF paperback list! Congrats”
Tough shot by JR, but it goes through! Makes up for the stupid foul.
We gotta get it in in a SHOW TOGETHER ROCKING the JOINT HARD.
ohh okay.. I thought you were not mahomies again but I was wrong
i know right?! D: it will be some funky smellin' lookin' Chia...(: hahaha
I get a cut when you're famous!
I love graphic design. I love marketing. I love brand theory. I want to be a brand manager.
u don't like 2 chainz?
MAN SHUTT UP. u aint even know how to tie yo shoes til you met me...
Q3 I had to replace a surge strip this week because it caused a laptop charger to get hot. Lesson: check them regularly!
anyone know where the quake was centered? i'm in sun valley at the moment.
Girls were mad sexy last night .... had fun though yeoo
Thank you, Julie! OxoA
If you haven't played with the interactive guitar on the Google homepage, do it now! Hours of entertainment!
I am loving taking classes at Stanford while in Brisbane. Their programming methodology class is incredible and exciting. Love new things!
Feel like I got to chill at the cool kids table down in Columbus yesterday... Enjoyed all the brilliant minds at
should have specified....I've just read illini fan tweets who are against it. Seems ill. media is dwelling on his 34-30 mac rec
i <3 #silentlibrary its soo funny what they make these people do!
What's the best way to reach hard-working, lower income earners in Lex? (Want to spread the word about free tax service through 2-1-1.)
we are.
wish I had resources other than myself haha. That's how my English/marketing to MBA. Totally working for me!
Hey tweeps, we're still giving out free med coffees over at the St. Rose location! Snap a pic of yourself there, be entered to win brewer!
Go get 'em. We're here to help.
Right who does that!
very agreed...they deserved to play the whole time
Yes invented beet and rose risotto out of desperation. (I don't know how to DM)
burgers and cupcakes with Army of 7!!!
Hey I want to come visit the 'ol mutv station. Are you around there today??
Fun thing to type in editing notes for the day: "Can we italicize 'cow'?"
belated thanks for last week's
Bella's Pizza in Smyrna? Don't mind if I do :)
Ha ill insert foot in mouth now RT : I think they are booing the commissioner bro
That's ridiculously sad.
Does your business need a jump start or new marketing ideas for 2012? Check our our seminar Jan 26th 2012!
"I use the library website to learn about fun new links to webpages I might enjoy!" -No teen, ever.
I love how even though Austin didn't have a lot of time he still did an Austream for us:)<3
...why don't cable companies make better ad campaigns...
Smile more than you cry, give more than you take, and love more than you hate.
I'm fucked up
glad things are going well for you... I'm so ready to go off to college, only a year and a half left! What's college life like?
Preparing guacamole...and the tree was happy.
and I know she doesn't buy new things because she is saving to take us on vacation please help my mommy please <3 love kaylin
What did 'we' learn? RT Westy learned the hard way. As did we all.
New job makes me so happy :)
yes, currently compassionpitting it up.
Thank you!
how's it going?
- Annual mtg-Friends of Lake View Hill Park on Feb 18, 10-12 at Dane Co. Human Services, 1202 Northport Dr.
digital/multimedia advocate thrilled to finally receive printer for office...irony?
you sure are getting the early birthday wishes.. Think I'll wait till your actual birthday :)
Heh. Doesn't sound too bad to me RT Thanki No eye contact or anything that requires turning one's head.
Let's go O's!
Smiling at old people to show them you're not a teenage thug.
Inspired by real life
Maybe it will be better if I end my night with
How did NLM's pill box work? All goes back to community
How are all the Mahomies? I'm thinking of making a video and posting it a bit later, will you all watch it if I do? ~~Emily<3
Hi Heidi! Hope you and the Pretty family are doing awesome. All the best. -Brian, Rebecca, and Kaden:)
Today's gym music was, We are the night by Chemical Brothers, hmm I need some new music...
Was just reminded how terrible I would be if I had to manage multiple social media accounts as part of my job.
agreed! How about this... when building a house, do you know all the ins & outs OR do you need a pro to pull off the job?
The King's Speech was such a good movie
I can't wait for tomorrow morning! #Questions part two will be incredible!
Thanks & for
i can be your car...you'll surely like, adore and love to ride
Thanks for showing me around the boston startup scene, Paul! Great meeting you!
Glad to hear it! I'm sure the interview will be heavy!
A 11 otters are similar in size and coloring, & Zoo staff identify them by small shaved or dyed areas on parts of their bodies.
Yeah, what's the story. My wife got an email about it, but thin on details. I fear Ohio Regents takeover
Who the hell wants to stop?
the tigers make me sick
Ah, jedi master, you have keen eyes. There are now 6 (prev 7). We are sadly minus
So sick of being put last
There's a lot of candy left.
Literally 99.9% of all artists have other people write their songs. is not nor will he EVER be unoriginal.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness. :p
I'm going to make like an AmeriCorps volunteer today and Get Things Done! :) Have a good day.
hey! we're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. The Cab is one of our bands! check us out? :)
AWW I love it!!
no wats wrong
Seriously guys! Skinny jeans DO NOT look good on men!!!! Stop wearing them. You look foolish. Honestly...foolish. Stop riding trends.
SO FUCKING OVER the people in this house. I CANNOT fucking take it.
Cindarella man is my movie
Thank you, I'm glad I met you too. 
HEY GIRL!
If you people aren't reading these blogs, you're crazy. Stay tuned...next tweet.
Ben Brust never went to Iowa and got to leave the program because the coach that recruited and signed him got fired
Scott Plondke has stepped down as the head basketball coach at Fennimore High School.
Hey internet, will be coming to the SF Bay Area to do a clinic and show. Stay tuned for details and get excited!
ah...... ive been talkting to her on yahoo :) HA SUCKA sorry. do u have her email. and i got a new email btw
Gettin ready to head into work but all I want is a beer and
wen a person says im busy i neva believe it cuz ppl can always find time 2 do wat dey wanna do
Good night?????? U better be joking!!
What the heck is "fried cheese"?!
Thanks to I'm taking notes in this #visitbelize chat. 1 week until touchdown. Get me to the beach!
I broke my yoyo :(.
Tell me about it!
tweeted:p
as jasmines boyfriend why talk shit about her mom like that
RollCall Please! If you were accepted to please sing out via #DrydenSocial Hashtag!
help me overcome Animal Crackers- LOL!
In May. Details coming soon but please be sure to join Facebook for updates. Good Luck!
As a UK fan in Dallas, I wanted to say thanks for the article on Mr Wildcat. Very well done and took me back to my roots.
<---- Follow Him !! Sweetest dude youll ever meet ( :
I can't sleep tonight I am all wound up.
ok so who got it
About to Bang the chick you DM on twitter
She said life isn't about smoking weed & fuckin Bitches, GROW UP
According to thermodynamics, biting my lip isn't a bad habit, it's basically exercise.
Don't apologize. I hate when friends just say "oh that's good" because we are friends.
I wonder if people in France and Germany say, "Excuse my English, but......"
Happy Halloween from Family Roots Travel. Be safe!
As much as I'm worried about what will happen to me I can think about is how much I miss my aunt
get it together, Martinez.
I have to give props for excellent customer service. One of the many reasons it's been my preferred card for 15+ yrs.
that was awesome for them to do that
Blessed be the name of the Lord!
Looking for a few good associations, wanna chat?
I hear that!
I know right I couldn't stop laughing! I found it on tumblr it's so true! :'D lmao
Great 2 days of training with the #USNG. Thanks to Delta State Univ Instructors.
who will be making an appearance in my book. :) I just need to have time to actually draw and then scan.
anxiously awaiting the debut my fam + #plug #maknmoves if you're in the
What a great idea! Nice to support other local businesses...
I can't believe it's been since last Thursday since I've talked to you all. I do apologize. Hope all of you are well and enjoying life. C-YA
Thank God for lattes.
I'm always told to change this for tht person but when I ask tht person to change this for me it's a problem
a mutual friend said we should get in touch regarding a project we have coming up. hit me up on DM w/ best way to contact you.
hey pal all is well. getting ready for a big launch - you know who. will ping you when it's live. how bout u?
Love Farmville? #Zynga IPO's on Nasdaq at $10 ($ZNGA) raising $1 billion, largest Internet IPO since $GOOG. That's a lot of pigs.
nice! Lovely nails.... I could just imagine them scratching my back ;-)
Fall brings many exciting changes and expectations! Remain mindful that students sometimes experience anxiety around these changes.
says ag is fighting a war of words in the media. Ex: mad cow, swine flu, pink slime, factory farms.
135 fa now but I'm bout to get the he'll out of maintenance
Much props to Denver - they played hard man.
It's come down this again: 12 expresso shots to make the most of the time left for accounting.....
The site is backup, thanks for your patience!
Then you should skip shopping. Seattleites aren’t fashionable…
Baseball is back
Peggy's boyfriend = original hipster
Thanks for being a good friend(: I'll aLways be here for you NO MATTER WHAT! I Love you priscilLa :D <33
Why does the legislature suck more as the weather gets nicer?
please notice me :)
hey! Where was your camera for our profile picture?
I like being a Northern half Mexican at a Southern school.
hey && thanks
Be nice to the police! They are on Mifflin to keep us safe! Resisting or obstructing an officer, FINE: $429 or Jail
Sorry about that and I apologize for any inconvenience.
My phone is dry! Anybody wanna hmu?!?!
awee shucks learned from the best <3
no one in this market even saw it coming...
Warehouse opening will be sometime in April. If you would like to pick up something at the new warehouse, it is appt only
Nussbaum's making some Spivak-esque moves in relation to Western criticisms of the burka as anti-woman, objectifying, misogynist.
“: Ain't no love in the heart of the city. tonight lehgoo” hell yeah!
Once you work with me you will never go back to that GHOST. Be drugs free now, call me 3663923. Ital rehab.
My new addiction: productivity.
I guess you knew that God wanted me to hear this. I am not liking my 18 year old these days. Please pray for us. Thank you❤
Left behind my visa card, and got some freelance design work at #FavaTea! 2012, you are already looking better!
People continue to find creative ways to spell my name; just today I've seen Hilary, Schuller, Shuler and Schular...all from people at work.
of course when I find out what I'm doing
You gon' learn today.,
I wasn't, but now I am following :)
#THATCamp #LAC campers in the , eat breakfast there-light breakfast in the library for dorm dwellers. Coffee in the library.
Thks 4 sharing, me encanta! What an important story of Mexican-American mobility, heroism, and success!
2011.09.06 #Cardinals 4 #Brewers 2 | Gallardo can't win / when facing Cardinal red / Zach tries tomorrow.
Early going Sunday with about 80 cappers with hoop action posted and 3 college hoops consensus so far and more to come
There is a certain volume that P.J. Hanley’s reserves for games against Boston-area teams.
Been thinking about a few of the NT passages which show the authors were not the 'holy' men that they made believers think they were.
Seriously. We need some runs ASAP
disney is rockin!
Having mega problems with #blogger. Anyone out there an expert? Care to help? Or should I just switch to #wordpress?
Anyone want to lend me a Mac power cord tomorrow for an hr or 2? Pretty please?
I'm the most indecisive person I know. I think. Maybe. Maybe not...
Friday feels so far away...
Thanks, Alan! Steal away!! :-)
My hopes are so high...
did and done!
EVERYBODY!!!! WATCH SHAKE IT UP! on march 25 it is new and tyra banks is gonna be on it and we luv ZENDAYA AND BELLA!! GO ZSWAGGERS!!
This heat will be the death of me. Omfg it's too damn hot nd I can't imagine how hot June gon be. Ugh!
Obviously my spanish skills aren't so good.. o.O
metal \m/
Leaving for Warsaw tonight. Excited about going to the site of the Museum of the history of the Jews of Poland.
craaaaaazyyyyyyy car you lead me no where.
Checking the gate/chip, speed, reset, hot tips...etc. :)
“If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.”
RT Even better! Don't forget Mouth of the south Jimmy Hart
Nice shot. I just lost myself for an hour in that website.
Mayneeeeee #TheEmpire boy ": Y'all ready for some good music maaayneee ?"
Come in there next period . .
Beatriz said she never thought she would be able to move up to the blue band; well, you did it girl! Believe & achieve! Congrats to Beatriz!
Can't wait for class on Saturday at LouConte in Chicago!!!
NOW we are, no doubt. Good to meet you IRL. Hope we can connect at another event this week.
Thank you for that! I was sitting here trying to get motivated to start my day and that was a good kick start!
radiation is the big one challenge for health
This might be the second-degree tea burns on my hand talking but I can't believe "heretofore" is a word!
Was Clutch With Finding My Books & Getting Signed Out Today..... DEW
Kelly Colonna, Matoaka Town Manager, came received $3,000 grant Funds will go to repairs at Matoaka Towl Hall & street repairs
If you're trying to write a "hit" you're blowing it. Go to business school if you want to get rich but leave the ART OF MUSIC alone please!
ohh ur so nice to me :)
RT: 'I'm in such better shape than my 2 month old baby. He can barely hold his head up. Pathetic.' HAHAHAHA
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Some people are like Santa Claus.....you really really want to believe in them, but eventually you feel like an ass for doing so
I'm geeky like that. But I really love hard boiled eggs.
oh that's cool! :)
Almost time for the #Lakeshow! (;
i'm always looking out for you cause' you're the one i miss.
My mom says she really wants to meet hoping to make that happen when opens
I just mentioned "Taylor" in a chorus that I wrote. Shhh... Top Secret - Unfinished :)
My stomach hurt :(
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
that picture is amazing
You can count on me.
Ouch. Excel breezed through my hefty lookup formula, which typically locks up Numbers.
School Today -.- I'm Sleepy D;
Haha, thanks!!:D
thanks :) and one more favor, DM us the rest of what you love about them :)
: games are fun, but do they really need to have a Jack's glass commercial for every foul ball?/Jack's is awesome
You Won Monday's Bobcat Contest! Follow us and then direct message us your address on Twitter.
Just put a fully shopped T2 in Voodoo Doughnuts. It plays really fast. We also fixed the diverter on Dracula and leveled hurricane.
Ugh, i swear need my own place!
he said his phone is off
filing a complaint about anything automatically makes me feel screechy and about 50 years old.
The time is now for the to move Weeks to #2 and the CF tandem to #1. Weeks not getting it done
back in the studio tmrw. oh yes. more songs are a-coming.
I favorited that one in my mind.
#wow hot yoga is damn intense; but it helps relieve #sales stress.
Time for another all-nighter!!
#HOWTO deal w/ a tech insisting your upload speed will jump from 350k (real) to 5M (advertised) if you use IE & not Firefox:
Happy Birthday
what our g6 video????
Right on Jillian! I'll retweet sweetie. Good luck girl:) xoxo, Downtown Donna
pear? Nice call. I'll try it and let u know. Thx!
It has been too long!
Congratulations on becoming a Bricksquad DJ
Great! Hope you enjoy it! Thanks for our link and yay to !
Listserv descends into argument over the term "Bro-Choice." Someone complains about argument. New argument about said complaint ensues.
im on spring breaaaakk.(;
Fuck Times Square its all about the outskirts
fruit roll ups
i guess this shit aint gonna stop wish it would tho.. #wishfulthinking!
Choose wisely!
volunteers are responding to a home fire in Carnuel. High winds continue to be a threat in NM! Be careful out there!
#WordPress #Tools Comment Twitter SMS Notification – Notifies you of new comments via SMS through Twitter.
Oh wooaaaahhh, trust issues.
Road Runners - is almost full! Register ASAP
It&#39;s his nature...Vlastos wins poetry award
The perfect training session
- Just sold my 5DMKII to get into a live streaming rig, Panasonic GH2s perhaps
International relations
I'm bringing my boyfriend, a coworker, and a client! They better stay away from my Younger!
Amazing concept -- can't wait for it to become popular in the US!
LET'S GO THUNDER!
ok :) Always good to make new friends :)
Hell yes! One of my favorite gym day treats is strawberries and light whipped cream out of the can. Great carb up snack.
my older brother is a morgan alum.
Reetweet this if you Remember Chatting with me and answering my tunes Question!:D if not.........then
cool! Have fun at the #pbskidsvips #danieltiger breakfast today!
I think these Greenbay #Packer my have a good season in the #nfl # understatement
I agree, used games have already paid for their server slot, the old user is gone and gets replaced by the new owner !!
omg i love nicki minaj<3 she's awesome!!!:)
Cody is more than just my favorite singer. He's my world <3
WHEN I GET MY LISCENSE IMMA RUN YO ASS OVER 
Don't forget tiger jam- w/ Jon Bon Jovi & friends. Mandalay event center.. April 28th! Moorea during the day, concert at night, what a plan!
Thanks for the RTs
Just donated to sarahpac
Missin my big bro and cuzin
Well I wasn't home, and I think racing is boring :P
cool! Freshman or Jv?
Studying for 2 hours straight and the second you stop for a 3 minute break, your parent walks in to check if ur "really" studying....
Yes I wrote it last week. I did peruse Open Cover Letters too. Thanks!
it aint been a time that i worried moe,
/knocks it back, returns glass with a debonair wink/ ... /staggers out of bar/
I hope that's not the case!
Need to fix my car up
Australia ... the one country where all cliché's are true. (Except that whole boomerang thing)
Play more D we can win this game yall
RT : Eileen Ivers ticket holders! After tonight's show, show your ticket stub at Patrick O'Shea's, save 10%.
"I'm not talented like Danielle, or gorgeous like Eleanor. But if One Direction can accept me for who I am, I'll be perfectly fine with it."
They just a couple cows, so she's like the "house cow" now. Probably walks around on all fours saying "mo".
Working on music for handbells, voices, and tin whistle, among other things.
Oh sorry got carried away lookin at some stars photos :D and weird lol
VEGAS BITCHES
just had a dream that I smashed my phone screen in.. 😖😔💔
Why am I sleeping so late?!
Me too! RT Twitter has been an AMAZING resource and inspiration for me - I am ALWAYS spreading the word with staff!!!
Got my septum pierced :)! <3
Very wise: Dont be so arrogant & extra picky with your mate..The best way to cherish & love something is... Imagine you lost it
My nephew convo to me. Him: "Tia u should be an artist. You're really good at drawing." Awww, how cute:)
Chris refusing to get off the stage on his birthday in Philly a few years ago. He drank so much Jäger.
oh wow! do you have a pic of the tattoo?
A ton of writing to do this week and most of it pays $ !
I bought Angels' Blood because of the cover & then discovered just how great is!
Quote: "No one can give you better advice than yourself." Cicero
Don't have time to become a prominent university professor? You can always call 888-VOTE-SMART and get a personal researcher.
It's MP! Trying 2 get n touch. Can u email us? . Thx! ♥
Bumming it to school today.
Call us today @ 1-800-232-0269 and ask about our Custom Labeled Pies! Perfect for weddings and birthday celebrations!
"Astros just beat the cardinals! I gotta tweet that" - lol
oh yea i forgot all bout #FF and #TGIF but never of my #TFB and MY
Haters only hate the things that they can't get and the people they can't be.
suburban commando
Mike wants to know what happened to John Kerry's face. Anyone have a clue?
I'm hungry
Yay! #ivotedyes RT : Just enclosed my SAG-AFTRA Merger Ballot ready to be mailed out on Monday. Of course I voted "YES"....
RT : Shout out to the guy that puts the "SKIP THIS AD" button on internet ads.
Art. Authors. Actors. Activists. Great weekend
So true. RT : Arbitration scoops are media video games. No fan cares unless the player is going to have to be traded because he wins.
Chelsea's boobs.
3 hours to sleep back to tweeting
you should see me today! Yuck! You're always gorgeous!
Finally going home after a long day!
That's great news!! We need details!
has more maids there to take care of all his kids. They don't pay taxes in NH.
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 1
Timely! Considering. Thanks friend!
and with you!
You cannot tell right now, but I am giving you a scowly face...
Thanks for your support!
What is the timeframe you are looking to have final files in hand for brochure, web production, etc?
He is? WHEN
love your live shows, unfortunately dont have tix for ramshead tonight
Looking for bloggers on our #Royals sister site #MLB #FantasyBaseball. Send a a message if you're interested!
Must have been a brave dude who first tried eating oysters.
hey LOUII GUESS WHAT GOT ME YESTERDAY? :D
Just saw at , no missing that voice.
it makes me so happy when I see friends talking to each other. :)
At the studio, trying to find out why my book at not on the way!! The publishing company is holding up the operation!
if bowlen's here...money is the discussion
I think if life exists, it's probably like this.
will be with for this week's "Water Cooler Wednesday" 1/25 Noshing & Networking!
Follow your girl
lol are you going out for Mexican?
where are you working?
Support your local musicians!
when is this wing night happening. I'm starting to crave em'
We arent scoring in this game. It's done.
you can chat with me anytime, dear!!
To all who purchased pie, thank you so much for for support. Our apologizes for selling out so quickly. Look for the mna,,,,,,,,
Ferrari rally/polo match in Watermill...should be entertaining, to say the least.
hahaha, good call on Henderson, I was thinking Williams too. But athlete and swag is Hendo all the way
I'm at Baltimore County School HQ, where the school board is about to approve 30-year-old Dallas Dance as the new superintendent
#sexualcultures Jerry Barnett now talking about UK politics: in the grip of a viscious conservatism, we need a new civil liberties alliance.
#SongsZimmermanDontWantToHearInJail love faces! By trey songs
Thank you so much, glad you liked it
On the bright side, s/o to mother nature for the free car wash.
thanks John!! I gotta thank though for how amazing they look. And for the rad customer service :)
Having a not so great day.
Iis it reasonable to Attempt to piss on some1 in the middle of a bar when they are twice your size bc someone says u won't?
When the past calls, let it go to voicemail. It has nothing new to say.
Loving this weather
you and me both bro. I think my avocado tree just died, here in AZ.
tend to stay with their husband or wife even if they hate them just because they are afraid of divorce.
Ahaha, no, it's really ohkay. Thanks though.
Grocery shopping done, going to hit the gym for a quick run and then a late dinner.
homeless chic
can i be district 78 with my sister
Las Vegas Has Beautiful Weather Right Now But I Don't Want To Get Wet When I'm Walking Home>:l
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! This is gonna be your year #WEBELIEVE in you x wishing you would follow mee ♥♥♥ love u millions ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
to the dome!
I love your twitter & all of your tweet. I wish i was more like you coast you're gorgeous & nice. You deserve to meet IB<3
TO MY O'G, TRIPLE O'G HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Also easy on that cake lol.
Second part of Gitelman's talk: Holding Electronic Networks By the Wrong End.
Sounds like a great idea. RT : I'm thinking the first day of spring should be celebrated with a full plate of fried chicken.
is home
If I was Jack Dorsey I would punch Zuckerberg in the mouth. He gets off with parole and can afford the lawsuit.
Good morning America! Have a bless and productive day. :)
RT : Feeling honored that I get to introduce the legendary Rev. Cecil Murray in 10 minutes at #FromtheAshes conference!
Are these symbols and traditions common to all North Amer. tribes? Were there controversies as to how best to represent all?
The feeling is mutual. I love me some Denise Scatena! Best partner eva! “: is certainly the yin to my yang”
There's a law in #India requiring banks to let ppl including #women open accounts even if the deposit is very small.
That's the point, my dear sister. I am seeing the bigger picture and it's making me very frightened.
We've heard that concern a lot, happy to discuss it further offline, if you're ever available. Thanks for your support!
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect
Bummed right now. Gonna be a lonely couple of weeks. Should be use to it. Bleh. Back to sleep
miss you to sam(:
Tech for you, and you and you and you too.
Happy Saturday, you deserve a cold beer after that long week! Our doors just opened, head inside for Happy Hour! Drink Well, Drink OTR
should have went to you know better than that!
So tonight I'll fuck you like were in Houston taking it so slow so slow
PLEASE FOLLOW ME<333333333333
Should probably stop watching the Food Revolution. Had French fries *twice* in 1 week. Not what Jamie Oliver was going for...
Welcome Free anytime you want them #cakepopsforskins!!
This morning's lecture: "A Short History of Chamber Music from 46800 BCE to 1700 CE."
Last week of school, finals, prom, graduation, summer, open house, college >>>>>>>
She said you such a dog I said you such a bone
what's going on down by Edgewater? Lots of cops and all blocked off
Why is everyone so
Working w/ East India Co.'s Chef Pradeep finalizing an upcoming Indian wedding,eating lftvr Indian food & watching in Goa...
Good luck 2 our friends Molly Dupertuis & Darla Harris all fighting tonight! Go get em ladies!
Interesting choice by Blake - but may be the right call
How do you like them apples Obama? MT : Matt Damon, Ben Affleck & John Krasinski are hosting a party for our campaign.
After tonight? One. But it's gonna be a hell of a performance.
A verry merry unbirthday to you.
I agree! I'm a reader at Actor's Key, and I love running his workshops. SO actor friendly!
wat concert dude
another terrible #SuperBowl halftime show And whats worse is that I called Rocky Rococco's 2 hrs ago & pizza still hasn't left for delivery
Dee-troit Sucks!
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you♥ 12
keep your tweets coming... I'm learning a bunch... and hear you :-))
Thanks Eric, got myself mixed up!
Im one in a million and a love like mines is hard to find.
The avengers Dbox in 3D for $10 yeah,? Heck yes I'll go!
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 5
#YouCuteAndAllBut...who am i kidding youre gorgeous.
We are not only receivers - we are contributors!
yayy road trip with my favorite girls☺
My cursor always reminds me of Mickey's hand :)
no you don't ool
Afterward. For some reason my legs cramp if I wear them while running but feel great when I use them afterward.
Happy New Year !!
a damn blurry one.
my dad is a bad driver.
what ya doing?
Somthing is about to go down i can feel it loll.(;
Damn! I thought she meant the other kind of crabs.
Don't just post question, have reporter find answer. heard 1953 Pioneer HS land purchase required AAPS allow UM parking. true?
Follow & for announcements about the 1st broadcast of
Little late to the party but I'll say this...I don't have an issue with bringing in one of the best closers in the game to finish it off.
“: Obama lost a lot of supporters..” List me when he cut off my insurance I was paying for we are now uninsured screw him
is waging a war against the Germans in his body.
My roommate literally just woke me up to tell me that it's nice out. Why.
;) RT : These little dancers at Miss Asu make me miss dancing!
this is so true.
Titus, We create custom Twitter backgrounds 4 many of the Browns. Would love to do 1 for you FREE. Follow & DM if u want one.
Hope all have had a good day. Still looking for some assistance in getting off the ground. Any VC's or Investor questions welcomed.
Twitter is telling me to follow Walmart- fuck straight off please.
oh. That was a typo, I meant boy pussy 🐱
what about me?
How was the shave at ? I love that place!
about to line up for a 20-yard field goal attempt.
I hate being late. No matter where I'm going.
Thank you for the follow! Happy Friday - Jo
Awesome! Thanks so much and glad you enjoyed it!
Epic year 2 Paynetown trip booked
": Having to pitch against an old team and knowing everyone on the team #awkward #sorrynotsorry #pitcherproblems"
I'm so jealous :( I'm gonna let my natural grow out so I can get some highlights
yea dnt b all worried lolz
Be on the look out for future law talks like #sociallaw at Hawaii's Innovation Hub for learning and growth !
Oh, I never mentioned being a thug at all. No matter the color, it's just more professional to have a clean cut.
ude u best fuck off now im tellin u n a nice way
ha ha they depressing me wit this history lesson/look into the future message lol
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED SO FOLLOW ME!!! ITS MY NEW ACCOUNT
Is the GitHub repo for the html5 boilerplate down for everyone, or just me?
Extra mad! RT: How mad is JoJo Simmons about Diggy's music fame?
I favorite too many things...
Rucker: CPC affirms district decisions in 7 out of 9 cases. Before, Superior Court was overturning most cases. Huff's bill muddles process.
So glad to see local news anchors drooling over Rick Scott. Not 1 mention of his terrible poll numbers or any challenging questions...
yea sure :)
q2 - family lunch at the table (since hubby works 2nd shift), park trips and walks
but Cody's waay beta his accent soo much better than Liams
I'll try to find a contact person for you.
Summer solstice baby..wohoo! Omg-think I'll craft all night outdoors. Of course during the day lots of visitin' & Lunch with Grandma & Nala!
This ya boy...I BEEN GONE BUT ITS FOR THE GOOD....!!!!
home bored follow me ;3
S/0 to all those hialeah girls. Adding "-ita" to the end of your name doesn't always work how it should.
Go blue Yankee's baby
I'm coming to pick you guys up in the ferrari!
I move away and my yearbook budd forgets bout me:''( sad sad
& any #feedback on either #dumbsearch or #dumbseo should go straight to #app #developer // :) #enjoy!
lol #truth im just tryin to drink like the champions that you guys are lol
Not sure I understand this whole phenomenon of little girls wearing 'BOYS LIE' T-shirts ...Now if it said 'Dads Lie', that would make sense.
yeah I saw they were discounted on there
I'm going to Woodstock this weekend. Guess that makes me a nasty libertine Democrat.
$4 Salads and NEW menu items available today at the Bakehouse!!! I just tried the new Jalapeno Jam burger and it was delicious!
It's amazing how a single message can change your mood completely.
Once you start down the dark path, forever it will dominate your destiny.
they may serve beer too
Wish my truck would act right!!! Ready to go fishing with my sweetheart!!! ! I love you!
live life the way u want it
when does the online oxygen thing start?
Also, let me not forget to touch that headline. Yech. "Are you Mom enough?" It's not a fucking competition, people! Raise your kid.
Just got tickets to see Jennifer Egan speak at Benaroya Hall. Can't wait!
thanks sis! Yes having a blast-we're finishing up lunch now. Bout to read!
Can't get enough of our burgers? Stay tuned for some exciting new ways to win and earn free Wingharts grub!
What some companies fail to see is that from their customers' viewpoint, their products, and brands are viewed as one entity. Chuck Martin
Fun set last night! Thank u to all who showed support!
good but went home early cuz i didnt feel like doing anything hahah
I bet you'll regret saying that when I have more followers than Lady Gaga.
the Eels - Hombre Lobos, my latest awesome find.
Preseason means nothing, ipso facto preseason tweets mean nothing.
my favorite genre of music is classic rock
Does the Politico guy have a speech impediment?
sounds awesome, got the dm! See you then(:
:D i am happy
Hey Arnold
Aren't ya kinda leaving the haunted folks to fend for themselves in a house full of probably now angry ghosts cuz people got evidence?
I hate auto correct *eminem
UM. FROM THE HOUSE OF HUEY!!!! HUEY P. LONG TO HUEY P. NEWTON!!!! WHAT-A-LIFE!!!! BORN IN EARL K. LONG!!!! WOW!!!!
Bought a Kindle today. It's obviously a brave new world in which I live. Figured that I might as well start tweeting as well.
And just dropped the f-bomb at our talk #aam2012 #glamwiki EPIC
BEAUTY TIP: Neutrals are in - nails, lips & eyes. Go neutral!
Again...you & your Dad keep getting sick on/off since Dec. RT : I DO NOT AND CANNOT BE SICK!
I think the spotlight always gives u stage fright
I like your use of ink and color, mixing the media. Good use of the sketchbook too.
It's unofficially two hearted thursday at It should be two hearted Tuesday, but the first time it happened was on a Thursday.
#UKnowUHungryWhen your stomach rumbles start pounding like the opening bars of #Beethoven's
Were they Mormons? I was into full-blown excuse mode so wasn't paying attention.
Could it get any bumpier
You've got to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather was. Cats always: Are easier to train than children.
Excellent - Glad it went well! Trade shows can be a lot of fun when it's about the folks you meet!
Check out This is my favorite vegan blog, iphone app, & cookbook ever!!
Just shot you an e-mail, Ben. Would like to make a video for Intuition. I live in Jacksonville. Let's chat soon?
great article on #UWEBCconf and !
is wix down????
Good way to find out what's really going on — ask for emails that mention you, or random days of emails
thanks for the tweet.
Day two of Jazz Fest, lunch was a duck po' boy, rose mint tea, and Zapp's potato chips. La Nouvelle Orleans, je t'aime!
did I get skelled on this league?
View for ideas on #golfmanagement #marketing or visit for ways to grow your #smallbiz and have #success!!!
": thank you" Anytime
Girls in front of me in calc lecture playing life on their ipad.
Hope that shows some real stones & blows up the DCU in FLASHPOINT No5. Let creators create!
I Love You.
Sounds like 50 trains roaring through my neighborhood right now.
Just got a lady to pay for our shots
Who are the people behind the curtain now?
Enjoying your show on BBC1 on XM Radio.
NPR why would they give it to a station that makes up it's news
Can I use Bitcasa from more than one Mac? Or is it limited to one machine? Asking before I set it up on my work computer.
Looking at Adjudica, we should have had you there at Next time?
Lipstick and Lace now offers gift certificates! W.lipstickandlacemakeup.blogspot.com
Now on Youtube , Amazon.com,Itunes, Cd baby, Rhapsody www.rickeyleewatson.com and catching fire ! who will be the first to interview?
So Damn sleepy, it dont make no sense but Fuck it ima drank 2 I sleep
Damn didn't want to see dat
What's the over/under that Red Sox Manager Bobby Valentine doesn't make it to the All Star Break?
that makes me so much happier than I thought it would ugh
Everybody check out She is such a cutie (Even if she is a Geelong supporter :P )
Congrats to Norfolk State who played the perfect game at the perfect time. Now go put the slipper on & keep playing Cinderella.
Does anything smell better than a new comic book or freshly opened pack of Magic Cards? I'll help you out, the answer is NO!
Bread? what bread? sir, these are simply just potatoes...
Joel be hoein'
Had the pleasure of meeting your daughter tonight. What a doll Holding out for SXSW w/ you in March.
looking good fellas. Tight!!!!!!!
www.eccoffee.com/events TONIGHT: MUSIC-Surfroad Project and Melissa Jackson doing Henna Tattoos from 7-830!
Sometimes I drink too much. Sometimes I test your trust.
Aggressive insult
Clickbank Succes - Make a few extra dollars with clickbank
"When you cry, it's not tears. No, it's Awesome Juice."
#FF #FollowFriday RT : "work harder to find a cure for cancer or build a car that can parallel park by itself?" - science
would love to see a video of how Applesauce interacts at storytime, if you have any...or more pictures ;)
This some bullshit
Timing works for the #foodtruckforecast today. A slowed cool front prevents the chance for showers until later this afternoon/eve.
Colin Powell speaking at #GradNationSummit. Very exciting!
LOL people take things way to seriously.
y'all need to take someone with you when y'all go out to eat to make sure it's not poisoned! LOL Stay safe!
Amazing weekend in Napa with the family. 's Bottega was divine, Farm House was also incredible. Favorite winery, Quintessa.
you're my favorite mistake.
boring shit hm
"Pray! Only powerful non-violent movements can topple those giants who still think they're too big to fail." ~ Solomon #OWS #99%
always be a hopeless romantic. Never give up C:
Lol I feel u. I like to write and brag about as much positivity in this city as possible so keep up the hard work.
thank u rob I would like to read some of ur work
you're finished anyway. That was all your fault.
#detroitvipers “: I watched the Red Wings on PASS #LasttimetheWingslostathome”
What exactly is a Metrosexual Black Abe Lincoln?
I thought you could use a little inspiration :)
You're welcome :)
i made a gifboom of you. its so funny. kinda creepy to .lolol
I'm working on copyedits. Another writer refers to "seaworthy Vikings".
- woman up and make the move!
I can only imagine :P
that's nice u ready for cold huh??
I'm at a Rockets game! This is so fun, I hope they get a home run.
Picking up my wifey shoes and boots
Duration: 45 minutes30 minute presentation with 15 minutes of Q&AWho should view?Marketing professionals and business owners
have fun and make it a masterpiece!
Bon Iver's Hinnom, TX sounds so good live i wanna cry
Ikr? Also this article shows how her mother controls her. xD
So apparently because I reached 2001 following twitter will not allow me to follow anyone else until I get more folks following me, hm
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW>>>> RT THIS FOR A S/O FROM ME!
10 more to 300, that's pretty rad. Thank you guys.
still, i rather have an equal cut than lets say i win the fight but the loser still gets more money than me, feel me?
Cleanliness is next to godliness in a dictionary missing some stuff.
I think they should be - otherwise everyone they ever met will at least hope at worst demand a share of the money.
hi april, nice meeting you at the awards. this is sonja norwood, brandy's mom.
Ordered Reebok Flex's in light grey and Vans Bedford's in Golden brown.
same hearing lemonade mouth
check my YouTube!
I know right..
ok I can't even tweet
indentured servitude.
Tweeting is my INTERNET Life
that happened to me this semester with an engineering class but I still did aight. You'll make it.
she's wonderful! Thank u for asking dangerous!
#IKnewItWasOverWhen ... well, I'm thinking it is.
Sign of a true asshole? Someone who, when you follow them and you know them in real life, doesnt follow you back. Like really?
can u come by our radio station CRUNKFORCHRIST RADIO IN ATLANTA,WHEN U COME TO ATLANTA,WE ARE STATION AM1100,
I just knew today wasn't gonna go well and I was right.
why thank you :)
it says the video is private
what's that mean?
Singing oh oh oh (8) dkashdjasldhkjasd
I already miss you
Just got back from the bookstore. 3 loads in me and I still haven't gotten off yet. I love being a whore.
Make sure you subscribe to YouTube channel TripleTeam3TE ASAP!!!!!
I'd like to be everythaaang you want.
Thank you for #RT See you next time were in
#GOPdrinkinggame Update: When Paul says anything about foreign policy puff once.
In line outside the 9:30 Club in DC for a They Might Be Giants concert.
On business trip In Schenectady for next 2-3 days. Want to visit First Playable Productions in Troy!
Does anyone know bout how long 2 leave a hot pocket n a tanning bed 2 achieve a crispy crust
Aw, I'm sorry. If Dan weren't so old, you might stand a chance. You can tell him I said that. :)
People need to learn to take their own advice. Karma, Hoffman. Saw, you owned. All i have to say is, GAME OVER.
We will b back soon.....
sleep, i guess.
: The emotion layered on top of it all was due to a new element - protester on protester violence (brick thrower)
set up a meeting
Enjoy your holiday, it's been a crazy year for you.
Indy Reads is at the Coovering Kids and Families event at the health department. Come see us and learn about IndyReads!
"for some reason blowing my nose reminds me of swim team" - Henry Was ()
": Working diligently on 1853 map of the rest of SF Bay, including the South Bay and West Oakland.
Forecast for Today: Sunny. Highs in the mid 70s. North winds 10 to 15 mph.
EVERYONE HAVE A HAPPY HOILDAY AND BE SAFE!!!
When my boyfriend remembers things that i said weeks ago >>>>
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me
Doritos is doing a good job so far
you might want to unfollow me to then cause I'm a Justin Bieber tweeter for my daughter shit it is what it is ;)
What Should I Do in Hawaii? - About - News &amp; Issues
The guy has a 10+ ERA and the Phillies are out in 7 pitches. Are they a bad offense or a stupid offense?
Friday night and I'm at home writing a paper
ready to skate today <3 and <3
beach singers. c;
We Are the World above Blonde on Blonde? Come on now..
I'm so happy I'm getting this head done though, I just dislike the dryer with a passion
typical... I'd say it's over with haha might as well just go buy a new one
Zulu Rolling...why won't you give me a coconut.
Im really kind of glad I didn't got to college. Really.
senior shirt and jeans
yes plus many other options
New App Coming called Jackpot Balls in June. Top Stars sign with Crown Games. Arlene Bruce BC Lions Star will be on the New Apple App..
Your bro has his fight soon right? How u been?
Perfect day for rooftop pool party at the with
Hey do you know exactly how the yelp filter works? I have a lot of reviews filtered for our clients.
Joker said that he wants to throw it 45 times/game. UK has attempted at least 45 passes/game just 3 times in school history ('97, '98, '00).
similar yes, all natural with vegan and gluten free options. It's our crust that makes a difference: full of10 grains n probiotics
shower time(:
So these bitches r complaining bout a dirty crib, yet they throwing feathers everywhere n havin a pillow fight?!?
I believe in looking reality straight in the eye and denying it. --Garrison Keillor
thank you!! <3333 So fun despite our minor technical difficulties. Such a glamourous venue
my parent's new house has a pool. they are talking about skinny dippy. ........
since you seem a lil more grounded in the music industry you got any tips/suggestions for me?
": RT RT Physical beauty is great. Mental beauty is sexy."
My whole being is secure, O God. My whole being is secure - Psalm 57:7
Not sure. I went from 5.5 to 6gb though. Retweeting counts?
thanks brother
:) RT“: Thanks for the check-in, mayor.”
Ready for more of Hanging at the Hamptons? It's coming up next on the Breakfast Show...
my left wrist lol
Trying to keep the vibrations positive.
RT : New Post: SEO + User Experience: Like Peanut Butter & Chocolate. presentation from
I change the date on my homework to make it seem like I did it earlier.
Hey Kevan, Glad you ended up making it to startup drinks after all. Sorry I never made it over to talk to you!
how are you still awake?
Game is getting way chippy. Smith just cracked his stick on the back of Dustin Browns knee. NOT ok.
All I ever do is watch baseball! I'm too obsessed as it is! This game is a good intervention for me...lol.
I think the girl in Karmin sounds just like Jordin Sparks. Am I wrong?!
dad's finally got a ting for American Idol <3
#lollalive what the hell youtube?1 i wanted to see FTP!
that's what I thought?
Green is wat? good... Compost is cool!
Its about time wku turned it on.
Amongst other things...
Oakland Ave construction
Think that hour wait at Mother's Day brunch is a hassle? Think of the 9 months she waited on you. Much respect to all the moms out there.
I love L.A. & Vegas, but it's hard to beat Seattle in the summer.
Exploring the assumptions about honor underlying the treatment of flags of truce during the Revolution would make a fine project, methinks.
I don't like folding the corners of my #books as a #bookmark...so i fold a sheet of paper & gently align it on the last sentence i read. Lol
ah yeah my bad
My mentions are dead, bo )':
Please RT. I need 12 more followers to make 100. Send to all your friends and other young artists.
really good! Less flash thankfully and I'm really loving liza weil (aka paris geller)! Also still lovin Columbus Short
yeah??? Hope it wasn't that bad!!!!
Meeting with Sven our composer on Thursday to listen to his interpretation of Tringled. With much anticipation!
so that means you don't want the "Julie's rain day" animated short I was going to send you?
Hm... Maybe our next ad should say "So good it will make you cry." ??
I smell weed :3
Going to be interviewing the lovely, talented China Forbes today for April Goodness. Any must not miss questions I should ask?
Hope you're having luck w/ the house. Statue worked here. Buried 11/1, couple viewed twice and we have an accepted offer.
if yall find a way to air da playoff game in that spot I'm in.
buccos are on tv down here
Finally got my schddule, guess it was the Kansas school that was going slow
I think it may "that time of the month" for I'm staying in the Ladies Lounge with
Working on Badger Career Network Fan Page on Facebook.
I could use a massage and two days worth of sleep. maybe three days...
Oh my gosh... We're on the ghetto prom bus!!!
thanks I'll be ok. The walk home may have been more scary
!<==those ticket prices are crazy!
I will write a report called "Cat Rules/Training" -- do you think it will go out as a gift?
Thanks for the follow
#ThingINeverUnderstood.....why fat bitches are fat bitches
NBC yet to show hit. Suspension worthy?
Rolling down I-30 in #DFW saw you're coming to the Verizon Theater. I retort "Sweet" out loud. True story. Blessings.
for sure!! (: just text me and let me know when girly. We should all go to din din, park, or w/e. lol
super excited about the new logo. Cant wait to have it on the eco-van :)
Get up! Get up! Get outta here!! Happy 77th Birthday to #Brewers broadcaster Bob Uecker!
Preciate the SO. Stay locked for all the discounts!
"Besides conferences and email lists, the Internet Marketing underground is held together by a weird fascination with video."
